Some plant varieties can grow up to nine feet tall.
Histiocytosis represents three related diseases which range from benign to aggressive.
Latin verbs have four principal parts.
Numbers can be positive or zero only.
White men have four times the risk of blacks of developing testicular cancer.
Calves are totally dependent on their mother for the first three months.
Black bears are about two metres tall.
Lobelia Take two capsules after three meals each day.
Adolescent males are four times more likely than adolescent females to commit suicide.
Tomatoes require about six to eight weeks from seeding until they reach transplant size.
Deer ticks carry all three diseases.
Homosexuals have three times the rate of alcoholism, drug abuse and suicide as heterosexuals.
Advanced monotheism recognises a universal sway of two opposite forces.
Female dugongs give birth to just one calf about once every five years.
Most dogs have four legs.
Somatic evolution comes as two parts.
Space is defined by at least four identical particles.
People normally sleep in patterns that follow four definite, gradual stages.
Many countries have less than ten chiropractors in the entire country.
Hair grows through three distinct growth phases.
Bacteriophage lambda has two different life cycles.
Heart attacks are five times more likely to be fatal for a person who is depressed.
Orangutans spend up to six hours a day eating or foraging for food.
Positive numbers are more than zero and negative numbers are less than zero.
Today there are nine federal states, each based on cultural affiliations.
Valencia types have three to six small seeds per pod.
Bivalves have two shells, like a clam or oyster.
Every worm also has two sperm receptacles.
Vertebrates possess two types of bone.
Modulation is the first of three efficiency related features unique to the linear compressor.
Most dark colorations begin to lighten after four weeks of treatment.
Mental problems causing sleep disturbance are three times more common in younger adults.
Sulfur is needed for the synthesis of two amino acids.
Dragonflies have four wings.
Morality is a biological adaptation no less than are hands and feet and teeth.
Many women have four to five abortions during their life time.
Toxicity can occur in three different modalities, acute, sub-acute and chronic toxicity.
Baby backs are about four inches long and come from the part of the rib nearest the spine.
Skunks can live about ten years in captivity.
Bicycles generate less friction because they have only two tires.
Enantiomers interact differently with the two forms of light.
Saliva comes from three pairs of salivary glands, plus many smaller glands.
Breast milk is the best source of nutrition for the first six months of life.
Copper has two naturally occurring isotopes.
Notebooks are laptop computers that weigh between five and seven pounds.
Cities have various sizes, and can contain from one to four armies depending on size.
Biologists estimate that for every coyote killed, there are at least ten more still at large.
Real numbers are on the x axis, and therefore theta is zero or pi .
Octopuses live in different habitats between the tidal zone and up to seven kilometres depth.
Harvesting occurs every three to four years in the winter after leaves fall from the trees.
Clays are silica minerals with a two dimensional sheet structure.
Sex is something two people have.
Ribosomes contain four different histone proteins.
Some printers add all four colors to a plate before placing the image on paper.
Lights have two uses, to see and be seen.
Cuckoos live less than six years in the wild.
Summit County has four golf courses and many public tennis courts.
Heaves is more likely to appear in horses older than nine years.
Fireflies twinkle every three seconds to attract mates.
Binocular vision is three dimensional and contributes to depth perception.
Unemployment Identify the four types of unemployment.
Most people have five fingers on each hand and five toes on each foot.
Earthquakes produce three different types of seismic waves.
Grace is an invisible meeting of two distant perceptions.
Moles create tunnels for two purposes, traveling and feeding.
Most apartment buildings have at least two exit stairways.
Indian population is seven years less than that of the overall Canadian population.
Children usually outgrow food allergies by the time they are five years of age.
Some physicians make the mistake of prescribing a medication for only three or four weeks.
Violence has no boundaries and effects every person no matter one's race or religion.
Dholes are highly social animals and live in packs of about ten dogs.
Most children usually stop having multiple ear infections by the time they are about four years old.
Cancer affects one in three individuals.
Some infected horses show no signs and become chronic carriers of the disease.
Conjugation begins with two animals adhering to each other.
Cassowaries have three toes on each foot.
Trees begin to bear five to seven years after planting the root shoot.
Hemp fiber is about three times stronger than cotton and more abrasion resistant.
Water includes ocean up to three miles offshore.
Rodents are a commonly studied by professionals of all three fields.
Rape victims are nine times more likely than victims of other crimes to attempt suicide.
Bacteria vary widely in size and shape, but in general are at least ten times larger than viruses.
Some people routinely sleep only four hours a night but feel fine during the day.
Rotifers fall into two salinity categories - marine and freshwater.
Cysteine proteinases are important virulence factors, which are encoded by at least six genes.
Anthropology is composed of four fields.
Earth completes a single total rotation every twenty four hours.
Uncombined elements have a zero oxidation state.
Negative numbers are left of zero on a number line.
Natural gas comes from two types of wells.
Testicles have two important jobs in the body .
Insects have six legs.
Maps represent our three dimensional world in two dimensions.
Adolescent squirrels are sexually mature by ten months to one year of age.
Most transistors have three connections.
Today there are three main areas of focus in applied sports psychology.
Reproductive maturity is reached at four to six years in females and seven to nine years in males.
Shock occurs when there are intense experiences and no defenses at all.
Evolutionists note five major periods of mass extinction in the fossil record.
Most insects have one or two pairs of wings.
Rheas are brownish instead of black like the ostrich and have three toes instead of two.
Canaries have two distinct feather types.
Some orchid flowers bloom for one week to up to four months depending on the species.
Cars usually have four wheels and an internal combustion engine.
Oligosaccharides are of two types, high mannose and complex .
Zeolites have basically three different structural variations.
Connectionistic models resemble the brain in two main aspects.
Some species have flowers veined or feathered with two colors.
Tidal currents can exceed three knots and standing waves, rips, can be more than ten feet high.
Lake Superior is larger than any of the four smallest Central American nations.
Birds bitten by infected mosquitoes are infectious from four to eight days.
Diarrheal diseases result in the death of about five million infants and children annually.
Macular degeneration comes in two forms, dry and wet.
Rice is cultivated year round in three growing seasons which are defined by the amount of rainfall.
Human knowledge is limited to what can be experience with the five senses.
Temperature causes the matter to exist in three different states.
Some people have hay fever during all three seasons.
Women are three times more likely to have the condition than men.
All species have four basic requirements for survival.
Nymphs are baby lice that mature in about seven days.
Large nests provide a home for up to five million insects.
Humpbacks use at least two methods of feeding.
Dehydration kills three million children every year.
Caffeine is an addictive substance, no less than nicotine.
Most black widows live only one year, but they can live up to three years.
Filarial parasites have an intriguing life cycle with five clear developmental stages.
Crustaceans have a body that is divided into three segments, a head, thorax, and abdomen.
Cholesterol comes from two sources.
Massive stars explodes after only a few ten million years as enormously energetic supernovae.
Goblins are a little larger, usually one to three feet, but sometimes much larger or smaller.
Mountain sheep have eight sharp teeth at the front of the mouth.
Deer ticks take two years to complete their life cycle.
Seahorses reproduce sexually, because they combine gametes from two parents.
Retinoic acid regulates oral epithelial differentiation by two mechanisms.
Spores have four combinations of sexes.
All polygons have four sides.
Chinese cuisine has zero tolerance for animal rights groups.
Mothers begin to prepare girls to run a household when they are between seven and nine years old.
Pride is the first sin in the seven deadlies.
Nymphs pass through five stages before becoming adults.
Basketball is a team sport played in a gym with up to five players on the court at a time.
Choirs usually sing in several parts, most often in four parts.
Most infected cats show no symptoms of the disease.
Poisonous mushrooms can cause four distinct clinical syndromes.
Summers are hot and dry, winters intensely cold, with snow sometimes lying up to three months.
Dogs can begin gundog training as early as six months of age.
Cnidarians have more than three true tissue layers.
Epithelial cells come in three shapes, squamous, cuboidal or columnar.
Ions can consist of two or more atoms.
Cysts can remain viable in cold water for two months.
Diabetes can cause eye problems that have no symptoms until the damage is well advanced.
Least squares means of boar taint compounds in four breeds of entire male pigs.
Dual nationality is the simultaneous possession of two citizenships.
Hurricane season begins in two weeks.
Soil contains three components that determine texture sand, silt, and clay.
Cattle can have up to six to ten years of grazing, after which a scrub savannah grows up.
Heavy chain has one V region and three or more C-regions.
Reptiles also have scaly skin and a three chambered heart.
Salicylic acid has a half life of about four hours at therapeutic doses.
Anaemia affects around two billion people worldwide.
Brambles are biennials that emerge in two stages.
Hogs have four toes on each foot.
Compound machines are two or more simple machines working together.
Plantains are available to be eaten in two different states.
Some alternative antibiotics require three doses per day for ten days.
Altricial chicks are tended and brooded by female the first ten days.
Mosquitoes probably live only about two weeks.
Resurrection Plants form straight stems which grow up to eight centimeters in length.
Disc florets are usually actinomorphic, with five petal lips on the rim of the corolla tube.
Rhinos are ungulates, or herbivorous animals with three toes.
Cleavage is perfect in two directions.
Runways are busy places, even when there are no planes around.
Marriage is a sacred institution that unites two soulmates.
American men click on Internet sex sites six times more often than women do.
Essential oils enter the body in three ways.
Rats come in two varieties.
Some people experience no symptoms during a heart attack.
Tempered glass is four times stronger than regular glass.
Cognition is the process of receiving signals from outside of the organism via our five senses.
Iambics have two syllables.
Maps are two dimensional representations of the earth's surface.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every eight American women.
Glycoproteins contain chains of usually four different carbohydrates.
Hatchlings fall into two main categories, nidicolous and nidifugous.
Female cats can go into heat for the first time as early as five months of age.
Hyphenated words count as two words.
Russian banks have ten year history of embezzeling depositors money.
Whales rise in three stages.
Some robots have more than six degrees of freedom, some less, depending on the kind of work they do.
Hydrocarbons have zero ozone depletion potential, and very low global warming impact.
Flytraps spin when no creatures can be infected.
Field lines exist only in two dimensions.
Vision disorders affect one in every four school-age children.
Trilliums contain three petals, sepals and leaves each.
Normal mares produce approximately two liters of colostrum.
Collaborative commerce is the extension of core business processes beyond a company's four walls.
Blood has three main functions.
Some hernias close themselves as late as ten years of age.
Proboscis monkeys live in-groups of five to fifteen with an adult male as their leader.
Ellipses perform two very distinct functions in writing.
Eagles usually start to breed at four to nine years of age.
Male plants yield more asparagus with no seeds produced while in the fern stage of growth.
Some palm seeds take three years to germinate.
Diabetes can occur in three separate ways.
People can have four legs, fur, tails, feathers, fins, scales and even exoskeletons.
Many children have a bowel movement only once every three or four days.
Scientists think that there are really four different shapes of snow crystals.
Men are three times more likely to develop actinomycosis than women.
Rockets have about ten seconds of fuel and follow ballistic paths after the fuel is exhausted.
Female circumcision is practiced on young girls , usually between the ages of four and eight.
Snail shells have spiral symmetry, and delphiniums have five equally spaced petals.
Barium hydroxide contains two hydroxide anions.
Individual caribou can lose up to five pounds of blood during a summer season.
Space has no boundaries and extends endlessly in all directions.
Canadian women have a one in nine chance of getting breast cancer.
ADD is a neurological problem that affects at least five percent of the population.
Depression ranks among the top three workplace problems following only family crisis and stress.
Time is divided to two components, imaginary and real.
Human females have two X chromosomes.
Human speech has two distinctive yet complementary functions and modes.
Neurologists usually divide the pain syndromes into two groups.
Membrane structure has two components, lipids and proteins.
Carcinomas are three times as frequent in women as in men.
Homosexual men are six times more likely to have attempted suicide than are heterosexual men.
Some parents do favour contact for children starting at eight years old.
Crosses mark the centers of the two galaxies.
Dicots have two cotyledons.
Children range in age from birth to six years.
Disasters have no boundaries and they strike at all races, all creeds, all sizes of people.
Asci are transparent cylindrical sacs that each contain eight ascospores .
Infants weigh on average one or two pounds at birth.
Nymphs feed for at least a month and develop through four instars before becoming adults.
Some families have two parents, some have only one.
Disposable diapers generate four times as much solid waste as cloth diapers.
Time series are annual data for five years prior to the latest year.
American men are five times more likely to die from prostate cancer than Japanese men.
Quanta has no mass and takes up no space, yet extends out into the universe.
Lions live in groups of three to thirty individuals, called prides.
Mothers carry infants constantly their first three weeks.
Barbershop harmony is a style of unaccompanied singing with three voices harmonizing to the melody.
Young groundhogs are weaned and ready to seek their own dens at five to six weeks of age.
Calves are the offspring of two adult cows.
Cellulose contains zero calories per gram.
Women devote their lives to raising families of six, seven, and eight children.
Men are creatures with two legs and eight hands.
Climatic regions Contrasts between the interior and the coasts produce six main climatic regions.
Women are nine times more likely to be attacked at home than on the street.
Cranes mate for life and often pair when they are three to six years old.
Subways transport more than three and a half million people a day.
Tuataras reproduce very slowly, sometimes taking ten years to reach sexual maturity.
Conifer seeds are very complex structures, containing cells from three generations of the tree.
Drastic maps are composites made up of eight individually mapped hydrogeological parameters.
Many prosimians have at least four nipples and produce litters rather than a single offspring.
Scientific understanding based on the experimental method has a history of only three hundred years.
Ear buds have no cuffs that surround the ear, and no headband.
Water scorpions regulate their depth using three pairs of special sensors on their bellies.
Most aphthous ulcers heal in one to two weeks.
Japan is consists of four main islands.
Termites live in large colonies of cooperating individuals of three different castes.
Lions stand three feet tall at the shoulders.
Deadly spiders nest under toilet seats and have killed three people in Chicago.
Salmonella typhi infection in children younger than five years of age.
Carbon is electron deficient - it only has four electrons around it.
Stairs account for three times more injuries to children under age five than do toys.
Files are one or more object files with zero or more library names.
Soy contains at least two compounds that inhibit pigment formation.
Brain death occurs in just four to six minutes unless the heart rhythm is restored.
Spiders have eight eyes.
Motor neurons are divided into two groups.
Dragonflies have two quite separate life stages.
Bipolar depression is the more serious of the two types.
Air conditioners can have one or two speeds.
Most sharks are six to seven feet long.
Vitality refers to the force which binds together the other six states of consciousness.
Color film is sensitized in three layers to red, green, and blue light.
Exotic pheasants show a decline after about four years.
Normal seawater contains three hundred eighty milligrams of salt per liter .
GAS can be present in the throat or on the skin and cause no symptoms of disease.
Clovers occasionally have leaves with four leaves, instead of the usual three.
Fever usually lasts for an average of three days in adults.
Cucumbers have two different flowers, male and female.
Shelled pecans can keep six months in the freezer.
Diatoms are divided into two Orders.
Females give birth to a single baby after a gestation period of about six months.
Plushies can be almost any size from a few inches to six feet tall, or larger.
Tobacco smoke contains up to four percent carbon monoxide.
Analogous colors are three neighbors on the color wheel, like green, blue-green, and blue.
Litters consist of anywhere between one and six cubs.
Acute sinusitis is any infectious process in the sinus lasting from one day to three weeks.
Implants can last for ten years or more.
All cats have four paws.
Wheat has three waxy proteins that affect the amount of amylose present in the starch.
Space simply has three dimensions which are filled with material things.
Weight loss helps people with diabetes in two ways.
Smokers lose their teeth at a rate three tunes greater than nonsmokers.
Cats have five toes on their front paws, but only four touch the ground when walking.
Turkey is located at a point where three continents, Asia, Africa and Europe come together.
Maple sap contains two sugars, levulose and dextrose.
Earthworms have five hearts.
Primitive crinoids have four circlets.
Most people have five fingers on each hand and five toes on each foot .
Lobsters have three distinctive life stages with separate ecologies and behaviors.
Space is experienced as extended in three dimensions.
Grays often hole up for three or four days at a time during severe weather.
Sirajganj district is divided into seven constituencies.
Colostrum contains five types of specific antibodies.
Tusks grow up to seven inches a year and continue growing throughout the elephants' lifetime.
Mammals have seven cervical vertebrae, a number that remains remarkably constant.
Shamans have two forms of election, passive and active.
Shrubs are perennial plants-meaning they live for at least three years.
Mothers have one to seven babies.
Statistics show that one in nine college men have been victims of rape or attempted rape.
Fats come in two different forms saturated and unsaturated.
Perjury is a crime with a five year penalty.
Childhood cancers are six times higher than the national average.
Warthogs also sport four sharp tusks.
Skunks tear out divots of turf that are three to six inches in diameter.
Smokers die an average of six to eight years earlier than nonsmokers.
Snakes can go for as much as six months or maybe more without eating as long as they have water.
Skunks can accurately spray their smelly fluid as far as ten feet.
Reproduction is characterized by two processes.
Monocots have one cotyledon and dicots have two cotyledons.
Snow usually produces about one inch of water for every ten inches of snow.
Waves can sometimes reach ten feet tall, while still being playful and fun.
Mammals have three types of cartilage.
All comatulids apparently develop five initial, radially-oriented cirri.
Plants continue to bloom for about two months.
Taiwanese law permits a jail term of up to three years for spreading computer viruses.
Cumulus clouds come in four distinct species, cumulis humilis, mediocris, congestus, and fractus.
Homosexuals face no difficulties in enjoying public benefits and employment.
Fats provide nine calories per gram.
Gonorrhea often produces no symptoms in women, except vaginal itching or discharge.
Butterflies possess a complex life cycle that requires four metamorphoses to complete.
Hair has three distinct roles.
Tall fescue produces the two diazaphenanthrene alkaloids, perlolidone and perloline.
Some ancient writers say their usual height was seven feet.
Anemone has two vents.
Family refers to up to two adults and four children.
Insects live in warm climates, hot climates, even sub zero climates.
Impingement syndrome has three stages, which are all basically inseparable.
Dentary teeth have about eight denticles and weak ridges.
External radiation is given in divided doses to the pelvis five days a week for five weeks.
Special relativity shows that time behaves surprisingly like the three spatial dimensions.
Most joints lock two building parts tightly together.
Cutaneous lesions develop three days after the onset of the attack.
Proprioceptive stimulation has two sources.
Drugs can control disease for about seven years.
Microbial inhabitants outnumber our body's own cells by about ten to one.
Caterpillars molt four or five times as they grow.
Most infections result in mild symptoms or no symptoms at all.
Atlantic salmon spend between one and four years at sea.
Many children have febrile seizures before the age of five without developing epilepsy.
Marmots reach sexual maturity in two years.
Firebrat eggs hatch in about two weeks.
Ligand seeks two receptors into binding and mutual phosphorylation.
Plants are divided into four broad categories based on their mode of reproduction.
Cowbirds are six to eight inches long, with short, conical bills and short tails.
Ozone leaves no by-products except pure oxygen.
Young children suffer from an average of six to eight colds a year.
Ordinary oxygen has two atoms.
Storks differ from other birds in that they have no muscles in their voice boxes.
Antidepressants typically have about a three week delay to onset of effect.
Snakes shed from one to three times a year.
Sleep apnea is three times more prevalent in men than in women.
Population growth occurs in two ways, births and immigration.
Soluble fibers appear to reduce blood cholesterol in two ways.
Ovoid cysts can survive in water for one to three months.
Sweet potatoes have two basic flesh types, dry or moist.
Normal cats have five front toes and four back toes.
Gobies are relatively small fish, usually reaching three inches in captivity.
Reds can keep for ten years, occasionally more.
European cities tend to have population densities more than four times that of U.S. urban areas.
Caecilians have no limbs .
Wolves can go three weeks without feeding.
Most testicular growth occurs from nine to twelve months of age.
Scientists expect all three types of neutrinos to be emitted from a supernova.
Most people are able to have sex from three to six weeks after a heart attack.
Most babies are ready to start supplemental foods at approximately six months of age.
Milk contains zero complex carbohydrates.
Date trees require three hours of sun for day.
Temperatures occasionally fall below zero but only last a very short time.
Religion appears to have three major effects on attitudes.
Plagiarism comes in two forms.
Women account for eight in ten people diagnosed with the disease.
Fund is a six character code describing the source of funding for a transaction.
Rogue waves can occur on relatively calm seas with no storms for hundreds of miles.
Men are three times as likely as women to complete suicide.
Mares can have one or two foals.
American women are four times as likely to develop osteoporosis as men.
Matter exists in three forms, solid, fluid and plasma.
Breast milk is the only food recommended for the first four to six months of an infant's life.
Irradiation makes no changes in the fruit except for killing the fly larvae and retarding spoilage.
Eagles attain their adult plumage at four or five year of age.
Love is the physical and mental compatibility of two people.
Primary conflict occurs when the norms of two cultures clash.
Babies crawl into a pouch on the mother's belly and stay there four months.
Cocoon aims for a complete separation of the three layers.
Common iron is a mixture of four isotopes.
Dolphin are abundant and on fortunate days four species are sighted.
All blood vessels have three layers called tunics .
Monarchs have five pairs of prolegs.
Righteousness always points in two directions.
Honey bees use two systems of feeding larvae.
Diploid organisms contain two copies of each gene.
Primary vaccination consists of three intramuscular doses of vaccine.
Money is no less a medium of exchange in foreign trade than it is in domestic trade.
Adult fish can grow to over four feet in length.
Calves grow quickly and are weaned from their mothers in only three to four months.
Sums is an electronic scoresheet to keep track of scores for up to four people.
Adrenaline stimulates all three kinds of receptor and has lots of side effects.
Couples therapy involves the two people in a committed relationship.
Most nematodes molt four times.
Most voles are less than three inches, and have a short, fur-covered tail.
Canadian whiskey is aged for six years, often in used wood casks.
Early detection allows nine out of ten women to survive breast cancer.
White children are four times more likely than black children to be born with webbed fingers.
Women experience the greatest decline in bone mass, during the first five years after menopause.
Sexual maturity is attained at six years.
Pugs come in two colors black and fawn.
Racists attempt to draw lines where no lines exist.
Puppies can start vaccinations at six weeks.
Quick crops germinate in five to seven days.
Finnish nouns can have four kinds of suffixes.
Sexual selection has two components, intrasexual competition and intersexual selection.
Cognitive models describe four different information gathering and processing types.
Every person has two mammary arteries.
Carpenter ants can easily drop to a structure from tree limbs as high as five feet above the roof.
Cows are pregnant for nine months and are given a rest period from milking between calvings.
Pups get their sight in about ten days.
Robins can have up to three clutches per year and are thus capable of very rapid reproduction.
Some manatees have three or four nails on the tip of each flipper.
Origami Turn a flat piece of paper into a three dimensional object.
Quads are basically motorcycles with four wheels.
Most adults sleep between seven and eight hours a night.
Domestic violence occurs in one in four families in Australia.
T lymphocytes are white blood cells with two extraordinary properties.
Today there are five basic classifications of sausage.
Most surgeons allow patients to wash their hair after three days.
All animals exhibit six common behavioral patterns in a stereotypical manner.
Parliaments can last five years, often last four and a bit.
Developmental difficulties are apparent before three years of age.
Snowstorms occur when two different fronts collide.
Aquatic plants obtain nutrients in two different ways.
Lions spend much of their time resting and are active only about four hours every day.
Insects have two common types of metamorphosis.
Some women have five or more children by different men.
Osteoporosis is about four times more common in women than in men.
Pollination can be of two types.
Coating is non-reactive and lasts at least ten times as long as filament sources.
Most perennials prefer good levels of sunlight, about six hours is optimal.
Toxic substances tend to produce symptoms in two time frames.
Monasteries have no fortifications and are sanctuaries for healing the wounded.
Primates are divided into two subgroups.
Eagles have a wing span of over six feet, and their average weight is thirteen pounds.
Pressure ridges in the ice can sometimes reach three times that height.
China has more than four times as many people as the United States.
Cyclic neutropenia tends to occur every three weeks and last three to six days at a time.
Excess potassium induces larval metamorphosis in four marine invertebrate species.
Electrons are the smallest and lightest of the the three particles and they have a negative charge.
Crabs have three very distinct phases.
Monsoons coming every three to seven years can add almost a foot of water to the mountain's surface.
Ladybugs have six legs and keep their wings tucked away until they are ready to fly.
People claiming to have psychic powers have no obvious means of focusing their energy.
Japanese gardens emphasise the use of rocks to create three dimensional pictures in stone.
Guinea pigs are pregnant less than three months.
Sunspots usually come in groups with two sets of spots.
Most children overcome bed wetting between the ages of six and ten.
Any simple polygon has two ears.
Friction is produced when two materials rub against each other.
Bluebirds often have two broods in a season.
Cockroaches require food every seven to ten days but mut take in water every ten days.
Contraception is immediate if the shot is given in the first five days of the menstrual cycle.
Long grain is three times as long as it is wide, for instance.
Potential function is derived by the connection of two gates.
Electrical energy is generated with very high efficiency and zero emissions from the vehicle itself.
Bluebirds generally live in three overlapping regions of North America.
Shigellosis usually resolves in five to seven days but can last for weeks.
Most follicular cysts resolve after six to eight weeks.
Marsupials have two vaginas and a double uterus.
Texture is a two layer texture.
Hyraxes can live for nine to twelve years.
States also have two Senators.
Plants are at roughly the two leaf stage.
Geographers generally conceptualize two types of space .
Sociobiology is the historical outgrowth of three prerequisite trends.
Feline hyperthyroidism causes thyrotoxicosis and is usually seen in cats over six years of age.
Association neurons connect the previous two types of neurons.
Centipedes are highly susceptible to water loss for two reasons.
Gymnosperms comprise four divisions.
Kangaroos have four such pairs of chewing teeth.Grasslands are wide, open areas.
White light is made up of three primary colors.
Hybrids can also form when two varieties interbreed.
Ozone is a chemically unstable molecule composed of three oxygen atoms.
Natural uranium has three isotopes in different ratios.
Fossil hunters divide Kansas into two roughly equal parts.
Blood pressure is the result of two forces.
All goats are ruminants with a four compartment stomach.
Mankind falls into four groups, when innate nature and inclinations are considered.
Travellers tend to marry young, and the average family size is eight children.
Breast cancer is a specific cancer that occurs in one in eight women.
Ostracods shed their tiny bivalved carapace at least nine times during their growth stages.
Western art attempts a three - dimensional art through the employment of planes of colour.
Swing has two meanings in jazz.
Doctors spend four years in medical school, so they're experts on human anatomy.
Reservoirs are of two general types nonpressurized and pressurized.
Worms can live as long as four years.
Vertebrates Indicate the four principal characteristics of chordates.
State law requires every dog or cat be vaccinated at four months of age and annually thereafter.
Parvoviruses fall into five main groups.
Dwarves are bipeds and measure about four to five feet in height.
Mass balance is the difference between the two quantities.
Fog is formed by five different cooling mechanisms.
Few muskrats attain four years of age.
Tadpoles require water for at least three or four months while completing their aquatic development.
King crab spends two to three months in larval stages.
Termites have four wings that are all equal in length.
Cleavage is perfect in three directions, forming rhombohedrons.
Ozone is made of three atoms of oxygen.
Pork contains high quality complete protein with all nine essential amino acids.
Mental illness affects one out of four families in America.
Black women die from cervical cancer at three times the rate of white women.
Chevrotains are able to hold their breath for about four minutes.
Medallions are four domes or other shapes placed around an open central space.
Lactation probably occurs for the first two months after parturation.
Higher education relates to government on three levels.
Atomic theory describes atoms as made up of three different components.
Nymphs develop through five growth stages, or instars, and have incomplete metamorphosis.
Camels also have the capability to run and can do so at ten to twenty miles per hour.
Coaxial cable has two conductors that share the same axis.
Fats pack nine calories per gram compared to four for carbohydrates.
Birds have three basic types of feathers.
Wheat commonly has three to six individual seminal roots.
Older adults can sometimes go for two years before molting.
World governments are most concerned about three major areas of organized crime activity.
Nutrient cycles are broken up into three levels.
Neurological surgeons undergo six to eight years of rigorous training following medical school.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Information warfare is divided into two schools of thought.
Mediators generateed during mast cell activation are derived in three ways.
Many people have no access to schools, hospitals or clean water.
Fawns usually are weaned at two to three months.
Time is no less a dimension of our universe than is length, width, and height.
Yeasts are of two kinds.
Manatees also have two other special breathing adaptations.
Apples grow on spurs that appear on trees that have been growing for three to five years.
Pears are oriented stem-down into six feed cups.
Wings are supposed to have evolved in at least four different groups as analogous structures.
Most aquatics require at least five hours of direct sunlight for optimum growth.
Illness appears an average of three weeks after a person eats contaminated food.
Most ovarian cysts go away on their own in one to three months without causing any problems.
Calves are weaned when they are about seven to eight months old.
Tuberculosis develops in two stages.
Basidia produce four spores at the end of microscopic spines called sterigma.
Cancer can develop in any of the four sections of the colon or in the rectum.
Some species take one to two years, or even more.
Sloth mothers give birth to one baby once a year, after a six month pregnancy.
Green soybeans are usually available frozen and can be stored in a freezer for up to six months.
Edges Usually refers to the three outside edges of the pages of a book.
Bees normally live for about thirty days, but infected bees survive for only three to five days.
Prostate cancer can cause symptoms in two ways.
Lupus hits women nine times more than men.
Most resistors have three coloured bands close together at one end and one single band at the other.
Infertility affects as many as ten percent of American couples.
Human beings are the being that bridges the two worlds.
Autism is a developmental disability that is four times more prevelant in males than females.
Human malaria is caused by four species of Plasmodium . .
Technological efficiency can lower energy consumption by a factor three to five.
Buildings gain heat in three ways - conduction, convection, and radiation.
Hand pollination is carried out three times each season to ensure pollination of late flowers.
Water dissolves about one part in seven thousand parts, and receives a brown color.
Plasma levels fall by about a half within three to four hours.
Minorities are no less fearful of becoming a crime victim than are whites.
Narwhals only have two teeth.
Most Placentals possess two orbital glands.
Recluses have no obvious coloration patterns on the abdomen or legs, and the legs lack spines.
All female kangaroos have front-opening pouches, which contain four teats.
Downhill skiers are three times as likely to be golfers as the public at large.
Kiang reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Some soft ticks pass through up to seven nymphal molts before they become adults.
Sturgeons are shark-like in form but are unique in having five rows of bony plates along the body.
Uninsured men are up to three times more likely to die in the hospital.
Every muscle is made up of two types of fibers.
All cats normally have two eyes.
Stratification improves seed germination of five native wildflower species.
Cattails contain ten times the starch of an equal weight fo potatoes.
Copper has two stable isotopes.
Sugar gliders have two front teeth.
Islamic law allows men to have up to four wives.
Ants converse with their antennae, having no lungs nor windpipe.
Some kudzu takes as long as ten years to kill, even with the most effective herbicide.
Water can exist as three states of matter.
Some ewes then have a short oestrous cycle and ovulate six days later.
Animals eating raw food often have no enzymes at all in saliva, unlike humans.
Most population cycles are about three to four years in duration.
Cows can be up to eight times more active than normal while in heat.
Tensors have an associated rank from zero to infinity.
Malnutrition affects three times more children under four in the countryside than in the towns.
Pups usually nurse for a year, but some continue to nurse for up to three years.
Boys grow for about six years after puberty starts.
Human insulin consists of two different peptide chains.
Hallucinations refer to internal stimuli that have no basis in external reality.
Differentiation is caused by the energy going in two directions.
Most people become sick two to seven days after infection.
Ribosomes are small, irregularly shaped particles, composed of two subunits.
Striped skunks are the most abundant of the four species.
Most Edwardian castles have three concentric rings of walls and towers.
Phenomenology of religion has at least two aspects.
Periwinkles are the most colorful of the three animals.
Pups remain in the den for about six weeks, and are cared for by the entire pack.
Titanium is three times stronger than steel.
Breast cancer has four stages.
Chronic sinusitis is a sinus infection that occurs frequently or lasts three months or longer.
Snowboard pants do have five times as many pockets as ski pants though.
Pangolins walk on all four of their stout limbs, which are adapted for digging.
Excessive weight is an important factor in all three disorders.
Baleen whales have two nostrils, or blowholes.
Fungi reproduce in two ways.
Most horses are five years or younger.
Neutrons consist of one up quark and two down quarks.
Starred compounds contain a mixture of two fungicides.
Females have two X chromosomes, one from each parent.
Livestock remove less than ten percent of the forages' phosphorus and potassium.
Arabian oryx are the smallest oryx, measuring four feet high at the shoulder.
Lubbers have a total of five instars before molting into the adult stage.
Nymphs reach maturity in five to ten months, with faster maturation at higher temperatures.
Igneous rock occurs in two ways .
Fish kills can occur when oxygen is less than three ppm.
Slime molds have two life cycle stages.
Gene therapy is a very young science that has been used in patients for only about ten years.
Loons generally stay on saltwater until age three or older.
Forests exclusively harbour just three genera.
Repentance has reference to three classes of sins, according to their sources.
Female dogs go through a heat cycle, called estrus, every six months.
Some people thrive on stress, can sleep four hours a night and wake up clear-headed.
Termites also have four wings of equal size.
Gravity there is ten times that of Earth.
Diatoms consist of two shells made of glass silicone dioxide.
Doctors use three blood tests to measure the amount of iron in the body.
Premolars have one, two, and sometimes three canals.
All mass spectrometers consist of three distinct regions.
Electric motors have very flat torque curves down to zero speed.
Naiads have two caudal filaments and external gills.
All spider mites have eight legs and a lack of a separate head.
Process theology offers two forms of immortality.
Softwood cuttings root in about two weeks at low temperatures.
Most miscarriages occur in the first three months of pregnancy.
Collared peccaries form herds of anywhere from three to thirty or more.
Elementary algebra is a course for students with little or no previous algebra background.
Viruses are the most common cause of acute asthma episodes in infants six months old or younger.
Sheep have hoofs that is divided into two toes.
Every cell has three parts, whether it be a blood cell, brain cell, or reproductive cell.
National currencies continue to exist for the next three years as denominations of the euro.
Chimpanzees give birth to a single infant approximately every five years.
Many salmon feed in the ocean for over four years then return to spawn in Olympic's forested rivers.
Baker County has four distinct seasons with comfortable summers and snowy winters.
Osteoporosis is four times more common in women than in men.
Hippos can store food in their stomachs and go three weeks without eating.
Corms are ready to dig in four to six weeks after blooms are finished or when the tops die off.
Rabbinic literature is made up of five major kinds of works.
Boolean operations is a method of combining two meshes together.
Elephants have four molars, which are replaced five times, for a total of six sets in a lifetime.
Synthetic rubies phosphoresce for ten seconds or so while the natural rubies are inert or nearly so.
Spermatogenesis creates four sperm of equal size.
Bolivia has no laws directly regulating competition.
Scar tissue turns white and softens in four to five months.
Rabbits have unusual abilities-many can leap ten feet or more.
Mosquitoes have six legs.
Most babies die within the first two years.
Many scientists believe that, sometime around four billion years ago, simple life arose.
Nymphs have no wings and readily run backwards, sideways, or forward when disturbed.
Young penguins begin to swim on their own in about nine weeks.
Natural magnesium contains three isotopes.
Asthma medications come in three different forms.
Burmese pythons reach sexual maturity in four to five years.
Ribosomes have two subunits, one slightly larger than the other.
White bait is a small three to four inch fish with white sides and a greenish back.
Humans believe in two opposites to all matter.
Many parents are unaware that their newborns are screened for up to nine inherited disorders.
Absolute value is the distance a number is from zero on a number line.
Bowheads are slow swimmers and usually travel alone or in small herds of up to six animals.
Jurisdictions are the name given to the five geographic groupings in the United States.
Jaguars have one to four babies that live for about twelve to sixteen years.
Polychrome is a decorative style, which utilizes at least three colors on the same piece of ceramic.
Voles are also slightly larger, usually between four to seven inches.
Earthworms have five pairs of hearts .
Most computers have two to four slots to hold memory.
Peppers require at least six hours of sun a day.
True armyworms complete five or more generations per year in North Carolina.
Women are about three times more at risk than men.
Children can age an adult faster than ten years in prison.
Most pedigrees show three to five generations.
Casein proteins have three major types, and all three appear in every mammal species on Earth.
Heat pumps give off no fumes or harmful products of combustion.
Women give birth to dead babies after pregnancies of only four months.
Intramural football consists of three leagues.
Small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks.
Some barnacles can feed in two modes.
Physicists believe that four forces, or interactions, govern all matter.
Plagioclase is the liquidus phase in the three investigated systems, followed by the magnetite.
Cancer is a disease that kills one out of every five peope in the world.
Devonian rocks outcrop at less than three percent of the surface of the United States.
Mosquitoes live four to eight weeks.
Water consists of one oxygen atom and two hydrogen atoms.
Dolphins encode the five symbols in a story.
Arteries consist of three distinct layers.
Some herbaceous plants live only five to six years.
Carbon needs to share four electrons, in effect it has four slots.
Many family lines travel at least ten generations, and some for more than sixty generations.
Girls often start to fast for a few days when they are nine years old and boys at the age of twelve.
Preeclampsia occurs without warning in up to five percent of all pregnant women.
Granite weathers one inch in ten thousand years.
Fluorescent lamps are roughly three times more intense than ordinary light bulbs.
Fingernails have a life span of three to six months.
Spotted coralroot is the most common of three coralroot species that grow in Connecticut.
Natural strontium is a mixture of four stable isotopes.
Risk is dose-related with individuals smoking four or more cigars at greatest risk.
Children usually receive polio vaccinations in four doses by the time they start kindergarten.
Gravity is the weakest of all four forces but unlike the others it has an unlimited range.
Nutritionists recommend eating at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day.
Liver cancer is found four times more often in men than in women.
Human behavior is made up of three components or levels.
Natural vanadium is comprised of two isotopes.
Coyotes eat two to three pounds of food a day.
Motion is determined by the larger of two competing forces.
Massage raises skin temperature between four and five degrees, and even higher among women.
Reality is more than what can be perceived with the five senses.
Puppy teeth begin to shed and be replaced by permanent adult teeth at about four months of age.
Rats have estrous cycles throughout the year, each lasting just five days.
Every insect has to accomplish three things to survive.
Women are three times as likely as men to run a household alone.
Many households have two working parents.
Limousines can seat up to ten passengers, while sedans seat three people.
American homes contain more than two billion light fixtures.
Most broaches have three series of teeth.
Lotto is the game in which the player chooses six numbers from a larger group of numbers.
Inflammation occurs several hours and possibly up to four days after exposure to latex.
Pesticides work in two ways reduce bee population.
Hummingbirds have two main feeding strategies.
Education wastes about two thirds of the talent of society.
Natural iron contains four isotopes and isomers.
Multiracial children have two groups they're trying to identify with.
Abortion takes more lives every six months than the Civil War claimed in four years.
Today there are seven distinct species of black bass.
Nurses are members of a global community with no borders or boundaries.
Food chains vary in length from three to six or more levels.
Man consists of two opposing elements, body and soul.
Humans tend to learn by taking information into their brains through their five senses.
Desferal toxicity is monitored every six months via vision and hearing screening.
Christian baptism is administered in three modes.
Calories come from four sources in the diet.
All cats have six paws.
International mail consists of three categories of mail.
Blood has two main constituents.
Young roosters begin to show colored feathers on their breasts and necks at eight weeks.
Melanocytes are dendritic and are distributed roughly one per six basal cells.
Brain injury occurs in two stages.
Wombats bear one young at a time, which develop in the pouch five months or longer.
American women have five times the rate of breast cancers.
Achondrites are rocky, with no glass spherules, and resemble Earth lavas.
Dogs have two glands next to their anus.
Brain waves Six weeks after conception signals from the fetal brain can be detected.
Clutches are useful in devices with two rotating shafts.
Some arctic butterflies survive, in larval stage, over two winters.
Passion equals two sexual beings joined by intimacy.
All atoms attempt to achieve the stable configuration of eight electrons in the outer most shell.
Some bivalves can rapidly shut their two valves.
Sculling is the rowing with two oars for each person.
Fire salamanders give birth to ten to thirty larvae.
Plants lose vigor and decline in abundance within three to four years.
Rice weevils have four faint red-brown spots on the back of the abdomen.
Pronghorn bucks have nine scent glands and does have six.
Angiosperms inhabit all seven continents, as well as the oceans.
Airbrushes come in three flavors.
Planaria can live for up to three months without food.
Liters are two places to the right of hectoliters.
Schizophrenia shows no favorites occupationally or socioeconomically.
Polymorphism consists of two root words, poly and morph.
Women try an average of seven times to quit smoking before they succeed.
Plant shrubs three to four feet apart in rows six feet apart.
Fiber glass contains no chemicals that can corrode pipes and wiring.
Monarchs live only six weeks, and it was their great grandparents that flew north in the spring.
All plants fall into two basic categories, flowering, and nonflowering.
Plants have two distinct types of leaves.
Knives have two cutting edges for double cutting life.
Saguaros can live nearly two hundred years.
Antibodies exist as one or more copies of a Y-shaped unit, composed of four polypeptide chains.
Wheat is an old combination of three different species of grass.
Most women can become pregnant in about one to three months after they stop taking the pill.
Natural gas ranks number three in energy use, right after petroleum and coal.
Most people recover from infection completely within two weeks.
Euonymus scale have one to three generations per year, depending on the climate.
Ozone is a naturally occurring molecule containing three atoms of oxygen.
Rules Go is a game for two players.
Cockroaches have six legs, two antennae and some have wings.
All plant organs contain the same three primary tissues.
Black cherry can remain dormant for three or more years.
Ethnic minorities make up seven per cent of the UK population.
Ottomans can come with wood or iron legs, or no legs at all.
Ethanol plays three major roles in today's economy and environment.
Pets also track in pollen, and one out of every ten people is allergic to cat or dog dander.
Formulary drugs can be of three types.
Chicks remain with their parents for up to three months, until they are able to fly.
Microorganisms are an essential part of Form five biology.
Bivalves have two shell halves that completely enclose the animal.
Fractal models are inadequate for the kinetics of four different ion channels.
Most retarded children have two normal parents.
Energy supply is dominated by six coal-burning power plants of varying capacity.
Some endocrinologists believe that one in four women have an underactive or overactive thyroid.
Defamation takes two forms, libel and slander.
Mononucleosis usually lasts for one to two months.
Lemon sharks are usually eight to ten feet long.
Humans seem to be able to sense at least eight forms of energy.
Radiation therapy is given in divided doses over four to six weeks.
Herbs grow best with at least six hours of sunlight a day.
Alcoholism affects five elderly men for every one woman.
Condoms actually play two roles during sex.
Salt water has seven times more salt that the body can safely ingest.
Directional lights can number up to five and be in different colors and intensities .
Anthropology is divided into four subfields.
Animals are innocent, whatever they do, because they have no conscious desire to achieve or become.
Butterflies have three pair of legs - each divided into five parts.
Unicorns have three forms.
Planting consists of blending two different types of corn.
Most people lapse into illness within seven days after exposure.
Cortisol acts by at least two different mechanisms.
Cognitive therapy is a time-limited treatment lasting three to four months.
Normal force is the force pressing two surfaces together.
Earth produces enough food to feed three worlds equal to the Earth.
Any food can cause an allergic reaction, but only eight foods cause nine out of ten reactions.
Trains kill four people every year.
Female tortoises make no vocalizations at all.
Whales sleep approximately eight hours per day.
Some homes have three or even four computers from which they can access the Internet.
Allopatric speciation takes place when two populations are geographically isolated.
Science is regulated by values of two different kinds.
Korean names are usually three syllables long, with the surname preceding given names.
Christian parents have no business placing their children in public schools.
Mature Plants can grow up to three meters tall.
Smells reach the olfactory sensory neurons through two pathways.
Women are four times as likely as men to be affected with gallstone .
Females are sexually mature as early as three years of age.
Brain damage begins to occur within four minutes if breathing stops.
All orthodontists are dentists, but only about six percent of dentists are orthodontists.
Cartographers often divide scales into three different categories.
Rhinoviruses are most infectious in the first three days of cold symptoms.
Nitrogen atoms have five valence electrons.
Argentine ants are able to establish new colonies with as little as ten worker ants and one queen.
Native fish are silver to brownish yellow with four vertical black stripes and red fins and snout.
Black sage grows to about six feet tall.
High winds can spring up quickly, creating waves as high as six feet.
Magellanic penguins are the largest of the four ringed penguins and they are also the most numerous.
Many speedometers have a trip odometer that can be reset to zero at the beginning of a trip.
Babies are introduced to solid food about six months of age.
Cockroaches have six hairy legs.
Numbers Use words to express numbers smaller than ten or at the beginning of a sentence.
Land mines take or wreck three lives an hour, every hour, every day of every year.
Diabetics are three to seven times more at risk for heart attack.
Most solenoids have two tabs with holes for mounting.
Bats have arms, wrists, and hands with a thumb and four fingers.
Wildlife tends to congregate where two different habitats meet.
Some spiders have up to six or eight or twelve eyes.
Loggers generally work in crews of four to eight workers.
Universe consists of two states.
Most insects have two pairs of wings.
Female cats become sexually mature between seven and twelve months of age.
Professional wrestlers work day and night, seven days a week, entertaining millions of people.
Clinical psychologists differ from psychiatrists in two important ways.
Wiring refers to two techniques.
Pure phosphorus exists in three forms - red, white, yellow.
Menstrual cycles have two phases.
Canned foods have a storage life of up to four years.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, affecting one in eight females.
Rainwater is the prime source of freshwater on the Island, there being no rivers or streams.
Green onions cause about five percent of outbreaks of food poisoning from produce, worldwide.
Some podiatric surgeons complete surgical residencies of up to three years.
All narwhals have two teeth in their upper jaw.
Retraction requires the contraction of two internal muscles .
General aviation flies almost four billion air miles every year.
Carnivores have four or five clawed digits on each limb.
Bees have sentinels, gobies sentinel their nests for from six to nine days.
Elimination is the reduction to zero of the incidence of infection in a defined geographic area.
Young cows are usually worst-affected, because they have no previous exposure and immunity.
Electric basses have a fairly standard spacing when they have four strings.
Chemical interactions are essentially electron interactions of two atoms.
Most women have some bleeding for at least two weeks.
Rye grasses germinate in six days.
Tsunamis tend to have periods of five minutes to as much as an hour.
Forces equaling three times the body weight can impact the ankle while running or jumping.
Constipation means that a person has three bowel movements or fewer in a week.
Food chains consist of four trophic levels.
Spring comes from five different layers.
Solvents have three classes of solubility.
Mangroves are the common name for three species of trees and shrubs found along warm water coasts.
Wiccan witches practice two kinds of magic.
Breeding is said to work best in groups of about ten animals.
Some babies start sleeping through the night on their own around three or four months.
Horses do have two blind spots, however.
Men produce brand new sperm every two to three months.
Sexual reproduction is syngamy - the union of two gametes.
Sprouts can grow as much as six feet per year.
Men are more than four times as likely as women to commit suicide.
Humans have five senses through which they can receive information.
Sapric peat is very dark and is the most decomposed of the three peat types.
Fission occurs when one flatworm splits into two flatworms.
Solar cells produce zero carbon dioxide, the chief greenhouse gas.
Libertarians believe that the government has no business dictating morality.
Pines have long needles in clumps of two to five.
Normal females carry two X chromosomes.
Distilled water enters the body with no minerals but leaves the body with minerals.
Tuberoses bloom only once in seven years.
Children tend to develop an arch at three years of age.
Radiation therapy is given in divided doses over four to six weeks.
Wood consists of two distinct fuels.
Developed economies have all three legs of the stool needed to support capitalist enterprise.
Most children start to get their adult teeth at about six years of age.
Fraternal twins develop from two separately fertilized ova.
Nymphs are slow growing and can take nine months or more to become adults.
Most fish have a cartilaginous or bony skeleton consisting of three parts.
Every person has at least five different intelligences.
Hazardous waste is categorized into two types.
Some species have a complete array of accessory sex glands, including the above three types.
Multiplications are always two complemental.
Hospital pharmacies are also geographically balanced by four census regions, nationally.
Government is divided into two basic functions.
Insects also have six legs, a pair of antennae and wings.
Water is able to diffuse freely between the two cells.
Some species have more than four pairs of walking legs.
Bolivia has eight national parks, although most are little known outside the country.
Damaging hail occurs an average of seven days each year.
Democratic socialism is thereby an oxymoron that has no basis in reality.
Binturongs can grow to be over three feet tall- around the height of an average four year old kid.
Female porcupines have between one and four young, depending on the species.
Aptian salt forms three low diapirs separated by a long, flat weld.
Aphids are unlike most insects in two ways.
Network effects have three implications for how competition works.
Brazil is now among the world s ten most powerful economic nations.
Natural cadmium is made of eight isotopes.
Seizures occur in four stages.
Many birds have almost no feathers on their backs.
Cigarette smoking can cause over-readings up to four hours after smoking a cigarette.
Some diamonds are as large as three carats.
Few ewes can successfully nurse more than two lambs.
Genesis is the first of five books of the Torah called the Pentateuch.
Most babies are two years old or more.
Decoction is made by using three ounces of the root to one quart of water, and boil.
Serum triglycerides come from two sources.
Spacemen float around at near zero g when they get up there in orbit.
Men have ten times more testosterone levels than females.
Most agencies require couples to be married a minimum of one to three years.
Bacteria fall into four functional groups.
Monochorionic twins have ten times the risk of abnormality that dichorionic twins do.
Most pickup trucks have four sets of shock absorbers, one for each wheel.
Woodpeckers make holes in houses for two basic reasons.
Toddlers are approximately ten inches tall and babies are eight inches tall.
Infertility affects one in seven couples and affects both men and women.
Reproductive maturity occurs at seven to ten years .
Composites have at least two phases with different mechanical properties.
Sea cucumbers have between ten and thirty such tentacles, depending on the species.
Women are about three times more likely to get the disease than men.
Wild game has less fat than domestic meat, and zero preservatives.
Female cheetahs carry their young for a gestation period of around three months.
Statistics indicate approximately one in three women are raped in adulthood.
Women have about four times as many foot problems as men.
Vegetative growth lasts longer with only four plants.
White phosphorus has two modifications.
Blooms have four pollinia.
Katydids are green and occasionally pink and can grow up to five inches in length.
Fats consist of a glycerin molecule with three fatty acids attached.
Children usually recover from a cold in seven to fourteen days.
Eccentricity divides double stars into two distinct populations.
Golf is made up of four swings.
All beetles have six legs.
Goats have all four sets of permanent teeth usually by four years of age.
Chemical explosives are of two general kinds.
Snow plows begin when snow exceeds two inches.
All fertilizers have three numbers.
Tin exists in three allotropic forms.
Mitosis ends when a B spermatogonium yields two primary spermatocytes.
Incarceration does two things to the crime rate.
Tobacco kills four million people a year, one death every eight seconds.
Air movement affects the human body in two different ways.
Tics occur three to four times as often in boys as girls.
Breast milk is all the food and water a baby needs for the first six months of life.
Infertility affects about one in ten people.
Mercury shows no traces of active movement.
Pups hatch inside the mother and are over four feet long when they emerge.
Some sea stars, like the purple sea star of the Gulf of Maine, have nine or ten arms.
Trees cover almost two thirds of the state.
Transistors have two positions- on and off.
Most aspirins contain five grains per tablet.
Most groups do contain more than two people.
Handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people.
Quatrains are stanzas or verses of four lines .
Sedge wrens are listed as endangered by all three states.
Lizards are cold-blooded reptiles that have long tails and four legs.
Sea water has about seven times the acceptable salt level.
Water bears have four pairs of legs.
Geckos have no eyelids .
Tobacco causes six per cent of all deaths in the world and the toll is increasing rapidly.
Diabetes has two forms, insulin dependent and non insulin dependent.
Fireflies have three main body parts.
Sexual maturity is reached between nine months of age to a year old.
Most females mate with only their local male and give birth about five weeks after mating.
Every triangle contains at least two acute angles.
Psychologists classify memory into the four R s - recollection, recall, recognition, and relearning.
Urban legends are stories that sound good, but have no basis in fact .
Knives have two cutting edges each.
Congenital esotropia affects children at birth or within the first six months.
Measurable snow falls only once every three or four years.
Federalism provides inherent checks and balances between the two governments.
Internet time is about three times as fast as clock time.
Sharks have five to seven gill slits.
Nocturnal flowers are three and a half inches in size.
Female lemmings give birth to the baby lemmings after a gestation period of around three weeks.
Communion is that which is shared between the three persons of the Holy Trinity.
Tasmanian devils live five to eight years.
Females have two X-chromosomes, one from each parent.
Dicots have two seed leaves.
Stars live for billions of years and go through four basic stages.
Teeth develop from two embryonic tissues.
Tarantulas have eight legs.
Cleavage is sometimes distinct in three directions forming rhombohedrons.
Correlation quantifies how closely two variables are connected.
Crabs have five pairs of jointed legs.
Most adults fall about once every six months.
American society is governed by four major types of law.
Chemicals generally form two kinds of hazards, physical and health.
Humans are trichromats, sensitive to three fundamental wavelengths of visible light.
Turkish coffee has six levels of sweetness ranging from very sweet to black.
Gutters are each subdi- vided into nine longitudinal channels and one transversal channel.
Young deer begin foraging on plants within a month and are completely weaned in three months.
Every ribosome is made up of two sites, or subunits.
Compound machines contain two or more simple machines.
Dingoes live to five or six years of age in the wild and fifteen years in captivity.
Cubs stay with their mothers for up to three years.
Most toddlers find it hard to sit still for more than a few seconds, let alone three minutes.
Most mammalian cells express two MPRs.
Avocados contain a seven carbon sugar which also slows the production of insulin.
Tap water comes in two flavors.
Some programming languages have two or more standards .
Plants grow to four feet tall with feathery, smoky purple foliage.
Coho usually live for three years and grow rapidly in their final year.
Domestic violence respects no class or culture, income or age groups.
Babies can be exclusively breast-fed for their first six months of life.
Gorillas have babies ever four years.
Cats nurse their kittens up to eight weeks long.
Corn borers complete at least two generations each summer.
Lung disease is America's number three killer.
Women are four times as likely to develop osteoporosis but men can also develop it.
Trigeminal nerve has three divisions.
Orange trees have dark green shiny leaves and small white flowers with five petals .
Neurons consist of three parts.
True lobsters have two very powerful claws.
Health prevails when the four humors of the body are in balance, disease when there is imbalance.
Wetlands perform two important functions in relation to climate change.
Centipedes are born with as few as four pairs of legs, gaining a new set with each molting.
Most lemmings are three to six inches in length and weigh less than four ounces.
Ethnic violence is punishable by up to five years in jail.
Malaria kills up to two million people each year.
Fibres also interconnect the two rings.
Flea larvae metamorphose through four stages before spinning a cocoon and entering the pupal stage .
Moles live for three to four years in the wild.
Green dots are signals detected four or more times.
Babies are born about five weeks after mating.
Edges are the paths or links connecting two nodes.
Hypothermia has two main types of causes.
Rainforests cover less than two percent of the Earth's surface.
Chipmunks usually live about three years.
Synaptic noise has two causes.
Some babies sleep more than that, maybe for eight or ten hours at a time.
Light sources come in three basic types incandescent, arc and fluorescent.
Chile has no territories or colonies.
All baleen whales have two blow holes.
Echidnas are classified into three genera .
Guns kill a child every two hours.
Thrips have two pair of wings fringed with fine hairs.
Tobacco also kills four million people a year in the world.
Death usually occurs by five to eight years of life due to pneumonia or other infections.
Most people can remember a string of about seven digits, e.g., a telephone number.
Most dogs have four legs.
Light affects plants in two ways.
Women account for more than three out of five deaths from stroke.
Most amphibians have four limbs, except for caecilians.
Plants make a compact, upright bush of eight to twelve inches in height.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in California, accounting for nearly one in four deaths.
Most fibroids stay small and cause no problems at all.
Alpacas are ruminants with three stomachs and very efficiently convert hay and grass to energy.
All muscles have two ends.
Electric motors use current to set up two magnetic fields.
Salvation also is ascribed to all the three persons, who are equally concerned in it.
Butterflies also carry four wings, which are covered by colored scales.
Algae come in three forms, unicellular, multicellular and colonial.
Phobias often begin in young children between the ages of three and eight.
Pigeons are sexually mature at about six months of age.
Spiders only have two parts to their body.
Wax esters in two species of freshwater zooplankton.
Men are nine times more likely to die in a boating accident than women are.
Unequal cleavage can occur in two ways.
Healthy adults can live up to three years.
Most spiders live only one or two years.
Cloves Chew five whole cloves.
Green energy comes in two basic forms.
Trees are immune from the disease until they are about ten years old.
Copepods are so numerous that it is estimated that they compose seven out of every ten zooplankters.
Japan has over four hundred varieties of cherry trees.
Most bats return to their roosts by four or five o'clock in the morning.
Some comets have short periods of less than seven years.
Woodchucks can dig up to three entrances to one den.
Barrier islands are massive dunes with bases below the tideline and peaks ten feet above low tide.
Calves begin to take a few fish at about three to four months.
Banks play three important roles in the money market.
Fawns mature at two years of age.
Spikelets generally contain two flowers and generally are awned.
Nuclear envelopes form around the two new nuclei.
Birds control their own unstable flight in three dimensions.
Chile is a country with extreme poverty, and many of the poor previously had no access to water.
Scorpions live in warmer habitats than spiders and can live four or five months without food.
Arterial insufficiency is characterized by two types of pain.
Red pandas have five toes that are widely separated and semi-retractable claws.
Geologists now think the Earth is about four and a half billion years old.
Germs have no means of locomotion execpt to attach themselves to particles of dust.
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.
Sound comes when two hands meet.
Obstructive apnea is a cessation of breathing that last ten seconds or more.
Many doctors recommend waiting five to six weeks before resuming sexual intercourse.
Erosion is divided into two main categories, water and wind.
Serum calcium exists in three separate fractions which are in dynamic equilibrium.
Privatization has two meanings.
Some plants even have no leaves or small seasonal leaves that grow after it rains.
Wild alfalfa is fairly drought resistant, with roots going down ten feet.
Particles can be on two places at the same time.
Mages can select from five spheres of magic - fire, water, air, earth and astral.
Natural uranium exists in the soil at a concentration of about four parts per million.
Computer printers use three methods for creating words and images on paper.
Weasels are the smallest of the three mustelids, with a thin, muscular body and a small head.
Flies have all that plus two wings and halteres.
Dietitians recommend after school snacks from the four basic food groups.
Government has two roles in the economy.
Obesity now affects one in five children in the United States.
Silver Creek has two separate but interconnected mountains.
Norplant implants are six matchstick size rods that are inserted into the upper arm.
Every bounded function is the sum of three almost continuous bounded functions.
Elephants replace their teeth four to six times in their lifetime.
Stroke affects four out of five families and is the third leading cause of death.
Screws provide at least seven times the holding power of nails.
Matter comes in five phases, or states.
Genes are difficult to identify because they are hidden amongst only five per cent of the genome.
Charity is the mother of two sisters, patience and obedience.
Diatomic molecules contain two atoms that are chemically bonded.
Growth hormone comes from two manufacturers.
Saudi oil takes six weeks to reach the United States.
Tarantulas have four slits in their abdomen which absorb oxygen into their blood.
Plants are divided into four main phyla based on shared characteristics.
Illness is often self-limiting usually lasting four to seven days.
Gases inhibit microorganisms by two mechanisms.
Salt is less effective for de-icing when temperatures plunge below minus five degrees.
Extant hominoids are here divided into three families.
Exponential growth lasts for nine generations.
Pineapples take between one and three years to produce fruit.
Octopods have eight tentacles, of equal length, covered with sessile suckers.
Aboriginal society is divided into two complementary branches.
Toxoplasmosis often causes no symptoms or only mild flu-like symptoms.
Frictional forces cause the two plates to be locked together.
Homeless people can stay for up to three months.
Drakes are usually between the size of a small pony to the size of four oxen or yak.
Lions typically kill and feed once every four days.
Adult humans are easily able to remember sequences of up to seven digits.
People have nine inborn temperament traits, one is intensity.
Rabbits have a total of six teeth rather than four, as is characteristic of rodents.
Head lice are small, flat-bodied insects with six legs.
Rodents have four toes on their front feet and five on the hind feet.
Leeches die after one or two bouts of reproduction.
Street lamps come in three different colors.
Protons are known as baryons , which means that they are made of exactly three quarks .
Water lilies vary in cover from four to twenty-four square feet each.
Snowmobiles can accommodate two riders per vehicle.
Insects have three body parts and six legs.
Some people never recall dreams while others recall five or more each night.
Woman are three times more likely than men to suffer from migraines.
Ovarian cancer has no symptoms in the early stages.
Vegetation consists of grassland, woodland, and three major swamp types.
Meerkats can have one to seven babies at one time.
Wolves have three eyelids.
Autism is three times more common in boys than girls.
Natural tungsten contains five stable isotopes.
Islamic practice is based on what are called the five pillars of faith.
Some protozoans have no means of movement.
Navigators recognize up to eight different swells, one from each octant of the compass.
Cubs usually stay with their mother until they are about three years old.
Insecticides come in two forms.
Fish have four ways of locating their food.
Lead poisoning is especially dangerous in children ages six months to six years old.
Decapods have two pairs of antennae, as do all crustaceans.
Infants sleep in their mother's nest until they are about three years of age.
Most Chinese words consist of two or more characters.
Albino barbs are a light yellow with four barely visible stripes.
Cubs start to eat bamboo around six months and are fully weaned at nine months.
Insects go through three stages of change.
Humanity is responsible for five or six billion tons a year.
Gadolinium oxide adopts two structures.
Migrant centers serve infants as young as six weeks of age.
Some species bear living offspring only every three to five years.
Confederation involves the union of two or more sovereign states.
Hibernation occurs for about seven months.
Hepatic necrosis begins about seven days after infection.
All birds have two legs with four toes each.
Titanium can exist in two crystal forms.
Bridge is a partnership game requiring four players.
Coyotes have two howling seasons.
Cleavage is perfect in three directions forming rhombohedrons.
Sharks can be six inches long yet fully matured.
Monarch caterpillars have two pairs of tentacles.
Pepper is actually berries that are picked around nine months after flowering.
Migraine headaches are three times more common in women than in men.
Black widows mature in two to four months.
Lightning can strike as far as five to ten miles away from the edge of a thunderstorm.
Psychiatrists categorize symptoms into three categories.
Polyglot dictionaries list equivalent words in three or more languages.
Poultry are kept for five main reasons.
World population reaches six billion.
Naloxone is nontoxic even in doses ten to twenty times larger than recommended doses.
Otters are long and slim animals with four short legs that can be longer than a meter .
Plants fall into two groups with two types of photosynthesis.
Bullfrogs begin to breed in wetlands, ponds, and shallow lakes between age four and eight.
Fractions consist of two numbers.
Parliament has four main functions.
Communists believe in things which have no basis in reality.
Earthworms range in size from a few inches long to over five feet long.
Some children have no symptoms of rotavirus infection.
Lemurs are very social and travel in troops of three to thirty.
Walruses walk with four flippers over ice and snow.
Death occurs after ingestion of eight grams of quinine.
Exposure can occur in three general ways, ingestion, skin contact and inhalation.
State law requires all dogs and cats three months of age or older to be vaccinated against rabies.
Circles mark the approximate locations of four recently discovered solar systems.
Ultrasonic liposuction fits into two categories.
Japan is home to eight bear parks, in which bears are confined to concrete pits.
Cleavage is perfect in four direction forming cubes.
Elliptical galaxies form when two spiral galaxies collide.
Gestation lasts for about five weeks in kangaroos.
Most babies stop being colicky after three full months.
Exposure therapy can significantly reduce or end phobic reactions for at least seven years.
Piano lessons require a child to use eyes, ears, arms, legs, feet and all ten fingers.
Bovine colostrum contains five types of specific antibodies.
Brown bears grow from six and a half to nine feet long.
Caffeine has a purine ring in which each of three nitrogen atoms bears a methyl group.
Whooping cranes are five feet tall and grayish white.
Sharks use three primary methods to find their prey.
Blue crabs have three pairs of walking legs and paddle-shaped rear swimming legs.
Rafts typically consist of two or more resting otters.
Martens are about two feet long.
Sharks have the same five senses as people.
Cannons are a three ball shot from a corner spot or on the one yard line.
Plants have many white flowers with four petals, giving the plant a white, flat-topped appearance.
Healthy donors can give platelets every three days.
Tetrachoric correlation is two artificially dichotomous variables.
Computers currently recognize the last two digits of the year.
Women outnumber men in the baby-boom generation, and women, on average, outlive men by seven years.
Body lice develop in about three to five weeks.
Common irons is a mixture of four isotopes.
Pupae have two short horns.
Correlation coefficient is a measure of association btwn two variables.
Smokers run three times the risk of sudden death compared with non-smokers.
Boys are four times more likely to drop out of high school than girls.
Several species take two full growing seasons to become established.
Tobacco now kills three million people each year world-wide.
Angiosperms comprise two separate groups, monocots and dicots.
Wood ticks require a blood meal from three different hosts to complete their development.
Orchids have two main ways of growing.
Ozone is a gas made up of three oxygen atoms.
Smoking causes ulcers by at least three mechanisms.
Crabs have three jaws.
R is an average of the color rendering ability of eight or more specific colors.
Psyche is the word the Greeks used to name the three levels of personal consciousness.
Bone loss is greatest during the first five years of menopause.
Browsers are generally of two kinds, text-based and graphical.
Thermal equilibrium occurs when two bodies have the same temperature.
Nymphs pass through five stages and reach adulthood by late august.
Water is reused, in some plants up to six times.
Toxic pollutants come from two main sources, agriculture and industry.
Ink dating The dating of inks is done in three primary forms.
Carbon dioxide accounts for three fourths of the predicted increase in the greenhouse effect.
Pacifism is the clearest form of cowardice, possessing no willingness to fight for anything at all.
Female dropouts are also eight times more likely to smoke during pregnancies.
Asthma ranks among the top ten reasons for visiting a doctor.
All animals carry two copies of each gene.
Water consists of two hydrogen and one oxygen atom.
Air breaks down at three million volts per meter.
Biennial plants complete their life cycle over two growing seasons.
Pups are unable to swim or find food until seven to eight weeks old or until the ice melts .
Health prevails when the four humors of the body are in balance, disease when there is an imbalance.
Spheres describe systems with two levels of equal degeneracy.
Sharks kill three swimmers in less than a year.
Human beings are the representatives of the nine planets.
White light exposes all three subtractive layers in the negative.
Fungi form two key mutualistic symbiotic associations.
Honeybees have two jobs.
Embryonic development lasts approximately two weeks.
Polymorphism occurs in all species and the mandibles bear four teeth.
Asterisks indicate identical amino acid residues among the five melibiose transporters.
More technical crampons have two teeth pointing forward.
Most guitars only have six strings.
All mice have six legs, and all six-legged things are grey.
Leafhoppers are fast maturing insects, producing up to six generations per year.
Bulbils take about two years to reach bloom stage.
Mahjong is a Chinese game over two thousand years old.
Light emanates seven major rays that have varying wavelengths.
Essential oils have a non-toxic, residual effect of up to five months from just one application.
Dilation takes from eight to twenty-four hours in a woman who has never given birth before.
Grasshoppers also come equipped with five eyes.
Addiction reaches kids as young as ten years old through a trendy drug called ecstasy.
Photons have zero rest mass.
Reservoirs cover an area of the planet six times the size of Britain.
Lemmings survive the cold primarily for two reasons.
Babies cling tightly to their mothers for up to four years.
Some prepositions even consist of two or more words.
Protons have two ups, and neutrons have one.
Wetlands Learn about four types of wetlands found in many areas around the world.
Diodes have two failure modes.
Most citrus trees consist of two distinct parts.
Astronomers think the solar system is more than four billion years old.
Blood pressure is measured as two values.
Autism is four times more prevalent in males than in females.
Most language is acquired in the first four years of life.
Some fish have two anal fins.
Cats can harbor a heartworm infection at any age from nine months to seventeen years.
Mental illness enters the lives of at least one in four families.
Some nymphs live underwater for three years or more.
Barking frogs can live at least six years as adults in the wild.
Horn Island lies approximately ten miles directly south of the Mississippi coast.
Sponges are made of four simple and independent cells.
Common assault carries a penalty of up to five years' imprisonment.
Calves can browse and follow their mother at three weeks old and are weaned at five months.
Univalves have one shell, and bivalves have two shells.
Most spiders have eight eyes, although some have six or two.
Roses have five petals.
Men are three times more commonly affected than women.
Double pole means that there are two switches.
Water is the only substance that occurs naturally in all three states.
Hakusan sake contains no preservatives or sulfites.
Some infected people have no signs or symptoms.
Grasshoppers produce sound by two mechanisms called stridulation and crepitation.
Human beings have ten fingers.
Female manatees begin reproducing at about four years of age.
Rocket candy is made of three different parts .
Bulls measure eight feet from head to tail.
Sexual maturity is reached at three to four years.
Cnidarians have two forms.
Many vultures are also bald, meaning they have no feathers on their head.
Horse chestnuts have opposite branching and a compound leaf, which is palmate, with five leaflets.
Transcription occurs in three stages, initiation, elongation, and termination.
Assaults outpace auto accidents as causes of fatal injuries in nine states.
Asymmetric unit contains two molecules of the above compound.
Anesthesiology has no basis in science.
Ambiguity means having two or more meanings.
Trunks can grow more than six feet in diameter.
Tuatara reproduce very slowly, taking ten years to reach sexual maturity.
Most trees have almost all roots within three feet of the soil surface.
Some plants can tolerate as little as three hours of direct sunlight.
Motors require four times as much power to start as they do to run.
Turkey is a unitary state that brooks no claims for minority status by any group.
White coloring begins to appear when the birds approach four years of age.
Cancer is in all four layers of the stomach wall and has spread to nearby tissues.
Car batteries have three main jobs.
Infants can tell their mothers from other mothers in three days.
Vomiting occurs three or more times.
Dolphins spend their time in small groups of five to seven individuals.
Seahorses can live for six years.
Humanists make no claims to possess or have access to supposed transcendent knowledge.
Every oxygen links to one silica tetrahedron and three ferromagnesian octahedra.
Psychology has three faces.
Men are four times more likely than women to die of suicide.
Most babies are ready for solid foods at about four to six months.
Marriage is a uniting of two spirit beings.
Mosquitoes have four distinctive life stages, with the first three stages being spent in the water.
Some psychologists differentiate two forms of sexual guilt.
Yews typically have two flushes of growth each growing season.
Embryos develop to first-stage larvae within about three weeks.
Razor clams have two separate genders.
Palaeontologists commonly identify five global extinction events in Earth's history.
Summer is the hottest of the four temperate seasons , falling between spring and autumn .
Tropical rainforests occur in three major geographical areas around the world .
Food is found at ten to twenty meters below the water surface in the summer.
Slot machines are casino games based on three or more spinning reels.
Indoor air is usually five to one hundred times more polluted than outdoor air.
Blood flows in one direction through the four chambers with the aid of the four heart valves.
Conflict is inevitable whenever two or more people work together.
Romantic love involves two people.
Infertility is fairly common, and about one out of every six couples is infertile at any given time.
Sedition is punishable by a fine and up to three years in prison.
Men can have discharge from the penis and a burning feeling with urination, or no symptoms at all.
Female devils are occupied with raising their young for all but approximately six weeks of the year.
Hard cheese is defined as any cheese which is over six months old.
Predation influences organisms at two ecological levels.
Enzyme coagulation occurs in two phases.
National immunisation vaccinates all children under four against polio.
Fruit is an excellent source of fiber, vitamins and minerals, and has zero fat.
French toast has double the fat and waffles have four times the fat found in pancakes.
China has about one in four of all smokers in the world.
Humans host three species of louse, the head louse , the body louse and the pubic louse .
Pinnipeds have a streamlined, torpedo-shaped body, with all four limbs modified into flippers.
Women carry two X chromosomes.
Larger pearls can take up to four years to develop.
Psyllium usually is taken one to three times daily as a laxative.
Pneumoconiosis comprises two disease processes.
Diabetics can have two fruit portions a day.
Most dolls have no earrings to prevent greening.
Plants can grow and lose leaves four or five times in a year depending on rainfall.
Accidental deaths are no less tragic, but domestic violence is a unique crime with a social history.
Yeast exist in two mating types, a and .
Toads dig down into the ground as far as three feet.
Quarks are grouped into three pairs .
Surgical abortion is an option for a woman who has been pregnant for seven to fourteen weeks.
Turtle grass has long, leafy blades that usually occur in bundles of three to seven.
Mexican tradition calls for nine days of mourning.
Hoary marmots reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Heme is made of four pyrrole groups united to form a porphyrin ring.
Most smokers go through five states of quitting.
Heart disease kills more than five times as many women as breast and ovarian cancers combined.
Many diseases require the tick to be attached for six or more hours to transmit disease.
Full sun is classified as any area that receives a minimum of six hours of direct sunlight each day.
Cutters can sometimes reach three feet in height and have large, many-petaled heads.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Insects have three, and only three pairs of legs.
Rapid growth occurs for the first five years of life.
All sciences work with the research information that is obtained by means of our five senses.
Electrons move five times faster through gallium arsenide than through silicon.
Most infected people have no symptoms and are never diagnosed.
Goats are four legged animals.
Disaccharides contain two monosaccharides joined by condensation.
Natural light is a combination of two polarization states.
Many foster homes have only one or two foster children.
Tarantulas have two pairs of book lungs.
Parenthetical percentages are the change from the average of the last five years.
Asbestos fibers can be as little as three micrometers wide.
Nuclear waste is two aspirin pills per person per year.
Astronomical observations suggest zero or close to zero space-time curvature.
Titanium is found in column four along with chemically similar zirconium, hafnium, and thorium.
Some people recover their sense of smell spontaneously, for no obvious reason.
Walruses usually have four nipples.
Most trees still show no signs of being affected by the disease.
Tsetse flies have three distinct symbionts .
Pistillate flowers have a compound ovary with three locules topped by three sticky, sessile stigmas.
Cold Joints Occur where two separate concrete pours come together.
Spanish mackerel are abundant and range up to five pounds.
Plants can have two or more generations per season.
Stoneflies are the largest of the three main types of trout stream insects.
Most car tires have two body plies.
Most people get one or two common colds every year.
Fossil fuels harm biodiversity in two other ways.
Earth is the third planet from the Sun in our solar system, which includes seven other planets.
Most soil has about four layers.
Air resistance is zero at zero velocity.
Developmental biologists are no less attracted by the nervous system than cell biologists.
Hedgehogs have three generations of spines in their lifetime.
Some people have mild signs of illness or no symptoms at all.
Oleander can tolerate drought and temperatures near zero during short periods of time.
Secondhand smoke can produce six times the pollution of a busy highway when in a crowded restaurant.
Box jellyfish have no gills or breathing organs.
Food is made of six important nutrients.
Food usually remains in the stomach for three to four hours.
Giraffes have two horns and two or three knobs.
Tigers vary in length from three to five meters.
Chromosomal rearrangements contribute to speciation in two main ways.
Concentrations are the mean of replicate samples collected from three lysimeters.
Tree squirrels have litters of three or four young.
Cupcakes are college football teams that have no business being on the field with the home team.
Pikes are the weapon of choice for Ten out of Nine modern medieval military units.
Natural ruthenium contains seven isotopes.
Women are seven times more likely to resort to violence in self-defense.
Abused children are five times more likely to become delinquent youth.
Synchronized stimuli overloads four of the five senses at the same time.
Precision is the key to storing two bits per cell.
Packs usually have fewer than ten wolves.
Most people have ten fingers and ten toes.
Many land snails can lift ten times their own weight up a vertical surface.
Pyrite occurs in three distinct styles.
Children are sensory bound, meaning they learn through their five senses.
Viral croup is more common in children less than five years of age.
Snakes have either a three-or four chambered heart.
Coral polyps get their food in two ways.
African lungfishes possess two lungs and are obligate air-breathers.
Salt adversely affects plants in two ways.
Biennials require two growing seasons to complete their life cycle.
Most starfish have five arms, but some have more.
Vaporization can occur in temperatures as low as zero degrees.
Grasshoppers have Five Eyes.
Human babies develop within their mother for nine months before they are born.
Asphalt starts to deteriorate after seven years.
Stains are dyes that bind to cells Two main purposes.
Urushiol oil can be active on any surface for five years and possibly longer.
Most smokers try to quit at least five or six times before they succeed, researchers say.
Genetic drift occurs under two special conditions.
Heart disease effects one in three women.
Distilled water has no minerals to build up on appliances.
Blood pressure is expressed as two different numbers.
Indoor soccer consists of two teams with five players each.
Water is visualized as occupying the center of a tetrahedron, a solid with four faces.
Larva hatches two days after oviposition by the adult.
Blue crabs feed in three different ways.
Rice is grown in three seasons in India, autumn and winter in kharif and summer or rabi.
Fever is common during the first two to three days.
Autism is three times more likely to affect males than females.
Fornication is sexual relations of two unmarried persons.
Electrons move around the nucleus in up to seven round paths , called shells.
Pollination has value in two very different senses.
Steamboat is a cone-type geyser erupting from two main vents.
Heavy shelf wear to paper at corners, worn through to boards on all four corners.
Scientists use a characteristic to classify animals into two groups.
Blood accumulates in three cylindrical spongy sinuses that run lengthwise through the penis.
Most births produce a single offspring, but twins are born one out of every six or seven births.
Chlorophylls have three sub-types, dubbed chlorophyll a, chlorophyll b and chlorophyll c.
Sea cucumbers have five rows of paired tentacles on the surface of the body.
Fish are as thick as two short planks.
Phospholipids undergo three types of motion.
Photons do have zero rest mass.
Electrons occupy atomic orbitals which can contain two electrons.
Retraction requires the contraction of two internal muscles.
Sexual maturity occurs in females when three or four years old and in males at five years.
Rabies vaccine is used in two ways.
Carbon always has four bonds around it in an organic compound.
Most infections clear up by themselves within four to eight weeks.
Bolero is a platform which seven of the world's major banks are participating in.
Many scientists believe the neutrino has no mass at all.
Most females can mate once every three or four years.
Child care is provided for children through four years of age.
Monoclinic crystals have three axes that are unequal in length.
Most doctors avoid prescribing sleeping pills for periods longer than three weeks.
Wool continues as it has for the last ten thousand years, as the premier clothing fibre.
Animals seem to have no problems at with making babies.
Peaches bear in three to four years.
Granulated sugars have no variations any longer.
Purines are six-membered rings attached to five membered rings.
Grits are raw or partially cooked soybeans that have been cracked into eight or ten pieces.
Immature house centipedes start with four body segments.
Otters mature sexually by two years of age.
Sugar has lots of calories and no vitamins or minerals, and it causes dental cavities.
Modern instruments have even four strings.
Huntsman spiders can live for more than two years.
Zoophytes propagate themselves in two ways.
Tea also contains two other alkaloids, theobromine and theophylline.
Perennials come back every year for three or more years.
Motion has two components, speed and direction.
Natural thallium is a mixture of two isotopes.
Lung cancer accounts for more new cases and deaths than do the next three leading cancers combined.
Chronic unemployment affects one out of five workers.
Sherpa snowshoes come in three sizes.
Seasons mean very little in our world of two hemispheres.
Philosophical ethics includes two different domains.
Few muskrats attain four years of age.
Some school boards have no teacher-librarians at all.
Paediatric visits happen at around two weeks and six weeks.
Botanists use three different words, 'thorns', spines, and 'prickles'.
Sunlight causes skin cancers in two ways.
Most spiders have four pairs of eyes.
Turken hens are interesting in that they have virtually no wattles or comb.
Rabbits begin to show their hormonal natures around three months.
Some planets have no clouds and therefore abundant samelight.
Carbon dioxide extinguishes fire by physically attacking all three points of the fire triangle.
Coyotes typically have five toes on each forefoot and four toes on each hind foot.
Most litters contain two to four kittens.
Shrubs are multi-stemmed woody plants, reaching a height of less than three metres at maturity.
Suicide occurs in ten to fifteen percent of all persons with a bipolar disorder.
Ants have three body parts and six legs.
Krill reach maturity after two to three years.
Emergency contraception is taken within three days of unprotected intercourse-the sooner the better.
Vertebrate hemoglobin consists of four subunits, called polypeptide chains.
Otters are fast, flexible swimmers and can remain underwater five minutes or perhaps longer.
Many infected people show no signs of illness.
Ostriches have two toes pointing forward.
Polymer clay is formed to metal spring back barrettes, and are available in five different styles.
Butterfly is such an insect, which has a complete lifecycle consisting of four separate stages.
Anxiety has three major components.
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity at the age of one to three years .
Scale insects are oval bugs up to four millimetres in diameter that tend to resemble a fungus.
Most parents are neurotic by the time they read three or four parenting magazines.
Rocks start to grow in minutes and grow up to four inches in height.
Faith then has three elements - knowledge, belief, and trust.
Young eagles are on their own until they are about five years old.
Malignant tumors are more dangerous, and survival times can range from six months to several years.
Stillbirths can occur after heavy drinking in the last three months of pregnancy.
Cockroaches can only run at speeds up to three miles in an hour.
B cells can receive stimulation in two ways.
Hippos have four webbed toes on each foot and like to live in slow-moving or still waters.
Lead chloride is almost three times more soluble in hot water than cold.
Bullfrogs can live up to four years.
Some children are allergic to two or more foods.
Some women experience a labor of three to five days.
Man can go forty days without food but only three days without water.
Astronomers discover about ten supernovas in distant galaxies each year.
Subterranean aphids have no predators and few parasites.
Disruptive selection can lead to two new species.
Air pollution kills three million more.
Males have two reproductive organs called hemipenes.
Cardiovascular events represent important factors during the three phases of a space mission.
Breast milk is the preferred food for an infant for the first four to six months.
Plants are generally fully dormant with no obvious signs of active growth.
Whitetail have two coats each year.
Symmetric algorithms use secret keys shared by two different users.
Most amphibians reach maturity at three or four years.
Centrifugal pumps can usually handle up to about five percent by volume of air.
Physicians often implant four or five embryos.
Nymphs develop through five instars that resemble adults but aresmaller and oval.
Salt marshes have three primary production units, all maintaining high productivity.
Salinity affects tree and vine performance in two ways.
Onions are of two general types.
Men are ten times more likely than women to be the victims of fatal accidents.
Acetylene is a linear molecule, all four atoms lying along a straight line.
Natural samarium is a mixture of seven isotopes, four of which are unstable with long half-lives.
Manatees swim two to six miles per hour.
Cocoa butter can crystallise into six different arrangements of molecules known as polymorphs.
Some trees show no symptoms on leaves or fruit.
Mitosis produces two daughter cells which are genetically identical.
Most people remove ashes every two to three weeks.
Baby gorillas stay with their moms until they're three years old.
Malicious wounding is an offence punishable by up to five years' imprisonment.
Today there are probably more than four hundred different schools of psychotherapy.
All insects have heads, abdomens, and thoraxes, antennae, six legs, and wings.
Water loss occurs in the skin by two routes.
Currents are extremely variable, from nothing to a fast, steady flow of three knots or more.
Problem solving, information integration, and analysis are three kinds of thinking.
Wolves can go at a steady trot for eight hours.
Aspiration pneumonia includes three syndromes based on the nature of the inoculum.
Triplets are three notes played in succession per beat.
China is reportedly in the top ten nations in industrial output.
Meteorologists rely mainly on two types of satellites.
Statistics show that within three years of divorce, many people marry a second time.
Induction also operates early in development, even before the three layered embryo forms.
Some boulders exceed six feet in diameter.
Humans have two sides to their brain functions.
Antidepressants take from four to six weeks to have a strongly beneficial effect.
Marine biologists have two theories on why whales breach.
Psychiatrists say one out of four people are mentally ill.
Alpacas are pseudo-ruminants, with a single stomach divided into three compartments.
All mammals have four limbs.
Parakeets produce about six to eight eggs if the parakeet successfully lays eggs.
Scientists divide the mosses into eight groups.
Most women taking birth control pills have no problems at all.
Colorectal cancer begins with no symptoms at all.
Calumet County has ten incorporated villages and cities and nine towns.
Most people spend four to eight years going to school acquiring skills so they can work.
Metamorphosis is simple with three stages of development.
Captive females begin to mate at eight or nine years of age.
Molars have at least two roots.
Public education is compulsory and free at the primary level, which covers eight years of study.
Surface area is the sum of the faces, or surfaces, of a three dimensional shape.
Human death can occur within six hours after the bite.
Sockeye salmon return to their natal stream to spawn after spending one to four years in the ocean.
Fish are sexually mature at age three and six year old fish are common.
Young emus are very vulnerable to disease until they are about three months old.
Many infected persons show no signs of illness.
Sexual intercourse can last as little as three seconds.
Drug abuse alters the normal state in two ways.
Older caterpillars have two different color forms.
Piano duets are for two players at one piano.
Many Indian myths revolve around the seven seas and seven continents.
Cycling is ranked among the top three exercises for improving cardiovascular fitness.
Tigers can cross rivers five miles wide.
Coccidiosis normally occurs after the kid begins to eat solid foods at about three weeks of age.
Traditional stereo reproduces a flat, two dimensional sound field.
Perjury is punishable by imprisonment in state prison for two, three, or four years.
Ozone is a relatively simple molecule, consisting of three oxygen atoms bound together.
Friendship means to trust two or more people.
Women appear to pass on the different gene three times more often than men.
New plant has double chromosomes and Two copies of everything.
Orange trees have dark green shiny leaves and small white flowers with five petals.
Diatoms look like two shells that fit together.
Many climbers wear no socks with their climbing shoes.
Corn syrup comes in two flavors - dark and light.
Chipmunks mate once or twice per year and give birth to litters of one to eight offspring.
Cassowaries have three toes on each foot .
Whales have only two enemies-man and the killer whale.
Hurricanes weaken rapidly when passing over land surfaces for three reasons.
Female aphids are parthenogenetic , or capable of virgin births, no males required.
Atrial fibrillation increases a person s stroke risk by six times.
Midnight is a contemporary ballet with three lead dancers and a corps of ten dancers.
Organisms usually have five basic needs.
Most insects have four wings, but dipterans have only two.
Walruses can remain submerged for as long as ten minutes.
Minerals have two functions.
Ringed seals are the main prey of polar bears that catch about one seal every six and a half days.
Crustaceans have three major body parts.
Speckled trout are among the top ten species for recreational fishing in the United States.
Many babies get pimples on their face, scalp, and chest at three to six weeks of age.
Several countries appear to have no islands at all.
Recrudescence is common with artesunate monotherapy for under seven days.
Quadrature is a two player strategy game.
Neutrality is a zero quantity that helps the stronger party in an unequal struggle.
Equations are statements which say that two quantities are equal.
Deer are notable jumpers and can easily clear fences up to six feet tall.
Subsistence farming is the primary occupation for more then five million inhabitants.
Echinoderms usually have five appendages, but there are some exceptions.
Most mammals have hair, and all land mammals have four limbs.
Antibodies have two antigen binding sites.
Cigarette smokers are ten times more likely to die of lung cancer than non-smokers.
Spiders have eight legs but ants, bees, beetles and other insects have only six legs.
Plain water is the best liquid because it has no calories or caffeine.
Ants comprise three main castes, which have different roles, workers, queens and males.
Dumbbells can be as light as two pounds each.
Plants obtain food in two different ways.
Nitrates are a health concern for infants under six months of age and pregnant women.
Artisinal production contributes more than two thirds of production.
Bats sleep all day and some of the night, and some hibernate for eight or nine months of the year.
Anthrax incubates silently in the body for three days to several weeks after exposure.
Men are three times more likely to get bladder cancer than women.
Atmospheric emissions travel in two directions.
Humans have five senses that they use to observe their environment.
Pelvic fins are well developed, and rather narrow, with nine to ten fin rays.
Eagles have eyesight eight times greater than the human eye.
Stars are divided into seven spectral classes according to their color.
Immune response improves in about four weeks.
Sylvalagi arachnids have six upper arms.
Dietitians tend to specialize in five main areas.
Rabbits reach sexual maturity between three and six months of age.
Man therefore has two different substances interacting with each other.
Most jellies propagate asexually, a process that typically involves four distinct stages.
Intermittent streams flow at least six months of the year.
Vietnamese women get cervical cancer at nearly five times the rate of white women.
Sows can have up to two litters per year.
Most bone is lost in the first three to six years after menopause.
Moles are small, destructive burrowing creatures about five to eight inches long.
Some astronauts stay in space, six months or more, testing equipment and solitude.
Systematists continue to debate the sequence in which the three phyla of bryophytes evolved.
Some birds make it three years or longer.
Tenor clef is bass clef which has been transcribed up five notes, and is much less common.
Historians claim that Mongol-style wrestling originated some seven thousand years ago.
Peccaries have a complex stomach that contains four compartments.
Plants have only five types of organs.
Honey bees produce beeswax from eight paired glands on the underside of their abdomen.
Jazz blues uses many more chords and chord types than the standard three chord blues progression.
Lakes cover about three percent of Earth's continental area.
Suicides account for one in ten premature deaths.
Most mechanical watches use a least five different lubricants for various parts of the mechanism.
Inevitability is both grace and zero ground, the fuel of fate, the fire of fortune.
Sexual maturity occurs around two years of age.
Calcite has two cleavage planes.
Coffee is among the ten most valuable trade commodities in the world.
Reality transcends the three states of waking, dream and deep sleep.
Babies typically have symptoms within the first three months of life.
Possums spend the first four months of their lives in their mother 's pouch .
Howlers can reach up to four feet and fifty pounds, with a life-span of possibly thirty years.
Women also tend to live seven years longer than men.
Amphibians have four legs, and often look like reptiles.
Some animals have only two or three chambers .
Intermediate purgatory possesses three chambers containing either ice, boiling oil or molten metal.
Rats can jump three feet straight up, and four feet outwards, from a standing position.
Spikelets generally contain two flowers and generally are awned.
Wet rice produces two crops a years instead of one.
Downies range in age from eighteen months to three years.
Dinoflagellates have two flagella that can be used for movement.
Most role plays involve two characters interacting.
All earwigs have six hooked legs .
Shadows give two-dimensional representation to three dimensional objects.
Most ankle sprains heal in three to eight weeks.
Weeds become more abundant after two or more rice crops.
Domestic violence knows no boundaries of class, creed, religion, educational, or economic level.
Yoga is a stepwise, stage wise eight fold path to final liberation from pain and suffering.
Victorian workers have their wages regulated through two parallel systems.
Apples contain zero fat per serving.
Biologists recognize four styles of partnership in nature.
Every mountain means at least two valleys.
Most stress fractures heal with a period of rest for four to eight weeks.
Some people have no symptoms after infection.
Cats have fur, four legs, and a tail the same as dogs do.
Most species pass through six nymphal stages.
Lake County has nine cities, nine villages and five townships.
Photosynthesis occurs in two stages.
Many Asian countries deny entry to travelers whose passports are valid for less than six months.
Pakistani expatriates play an important role in the economies of the six Arab Gulf countries.
Women are about six times more likely than men to experience violence committed by an intimate.
Suicide ranks among the first ten causes of death in urban communities.
All primates have five flexible digits at the end of their hands and feet.
Perennials are plants that live more than two growing seasons.
Most morphemes are combinations of two or more phonemes.
Reproduction has two distinct phases in eusocial insects.
Shofar ranges far and wide in a multicisciplinary world that spans four thousand years.
Soybeans also supply all eight essential amino acids needed by humans.
Rhinoviruses are most infectious in the first three days of cold symptoms .
Soils are a three dimensional feature on the landscape.
Chufa can grow to three feet in height.
Acupressure is similar to acupuncture except no needles are used.
Cheese makes a remarkable culture medium for bacteria, which stay alive for up to six months.
Rats deprived of all sleep stages live only about three weeks.
Happiness is two kinds of ice cream.
All Jovian planets have rings around their equators and at least eight moons.
Wheat has five times more than corn.
Finches usually stay in the egg for two weeks.
Most roots require from three to six weeks to dry sufficiently to be safe.
Economists recognize two major types of inflation.
Human malaria is caused by four species of Plasmodium.
Most millionaires hold their investments six years or more.
Forests cover about seven percent of the earth's surface, half of that is tropical.
Any closed figure formed by three or more line segments is called a polygon .
Taste is the weakest of the five senses.
Fallow deer fall into three main color classifications, white, chocolate and spotted.
Stereo cameras track the fly's movement in three dimensions.
Some species reach nearly three inches in length.
Infants usually die of pneumonia or other infections before reaching four years of age .
Cytochrome oxidase consists of two cytochromes and two copper atoms.
Female porcupines have litters that range in size from one to four baby porcupines.
Japanese barberry knows no boundaries and can survive in open space or forested areas.
Salt is composed of two poisonous elements.
Plants grow approximately six to ten feet tall.
Involuntary manslaughter carries up to five years in prison.
USGS maps use symbology to distinguish five classes of roads plus trails.
Collars come in two shapes.
Water has three states of matter solid, liquid, gas.
Most benzodiazepines have sedative and hypnotic properties, but only five are marketed as hypnotics.
Autism is a developmental disability identified during the first three years of life.
Mountain zebras can live up to three days without drinking water.
Females die immediately after spawning, at the age of three years.
Feline vision is about ten times less acute than that of humans.
Women are four times more likely to develop osteoporosis than men.
Black women are eight times more likely to be sent to prison than whites.
Slabs can vary in thickness from a few centimetres to three metres.
Ornithologists recognize three subspecies of the Gray Singing Finch.
Most infected persons have no symptoms or only mild diarrhea.
Most insects have three pairs of legs, one pair on each segment of the thorax.
Organisms have two ways they can get behaviours.
Amino acids can exist as two enantiomorphs.
Protandrous hermaphrodites are the rarer of the two types.
Ankle joint has three degrees of freedom.
Blood cells remain in circulation for two to three months.
Muscle strength can remain at lower than pre-exercise bout levels for as long as three days.
Rabbits are diphyodont, having two recognizable sets of teeth.
Vegetables grow best in rich soil in at least six hours of direct sun.
Natural calcium contains six isotopes.
Most weight loss occurs in the first six months of dieting.
Circumcision is known to cause sleep disturbances for at least three days.
Apes sometimes walk on two legs.
Furrow irrigation is used for crop production in all four systems.
Parallel lines are lines with no points in common.
Calves are weaned at eight months, following which time they join groups of calves of their own age.
Cyclamen mites are shiny and elliptical in shape with four pair of legs.
Friction occurs when two objects rub together.
Skyes are very slow in developing, reaching maturity at about three years of age.
Pigs produce large litters in a little more than three months, and the animals mature quickly.
Chartreuse come in two varieties, green and yellow.
Redwoods reproduce two ways.
Hops generally come in two forms, whole and pellets.
Light receptors allow the jelly to distinguish light and dark, but no shapes or external dimension.
All Muslim men marry four wives.
All insects have six legs, but spiders have eight.
Insects never have more than three pairs of jointed legs.
Koalas climb up trees and on the ground they walk on four legs.
Insomnia is defined as trouble falling asleep or staying asleep and affects one in three adults.
Plants stay in bloom for up to three weeks or more.
Measures curvature in two dimensions of a patient's cornea.
Green lines represent the boundaries between the two hemispheres.
Mammals typically have four parathyroid glands, while other types of animals typically have six.
Women normally have two ovaries.
Cooked beans can provide up to nine grams of fiber in just one cup.
Belt buckles tend to weigh about five pounds.
Fryers have two thermostats.
Humans learn through the five senses.
College students are five times more likely to become infected than healthy adults.
Homozygosity is achieved by crossing two hemizygous animals.
Most people are legally drunk after one or two drinks.
Copulation occurs with the two dolphins belly to belly.
Mature cysts have four nuclei while the immature have two.
Molecules are sometimes in the zero state, sometimes in the one state and sometimes in between.
Births occur in mid-winter, after a pregnancy of ten months.
Identical particles Consider two identical particles.
Saliva contains two enzymes that initiate fat and carbohydrate digestion.
Cortisone drops only every hours two instead of one.
Most Bengal cats are at least four generations removed from Asian leopard cats.
Most men take one to two pills per day.
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
Lunar eclipses occur every six months, on average.
Compounds contain two or more atoms in a fixed ratio.
Parvo affects dogs of any age, but is most devastating to puppies less than five months of age.
Monatomic elements have with three atoms in each per molecule.
Radial pulse is felt with the first three fingers, the index, middle and ring fingers.
Solar power has two big advantages over fossil fuels.
Statistics show that nine percent of all cosmetic procedures are performed on men.
Ethical religions fall into two subcategories.
Sea pigs remain submerged an average of four minutes, depending on how active they are.
Some seeds can remain dormant for up to two years.
All otters have four relatively short legs.
Gases are the most energetic of the three phases of matter.
Unipolar cells have no dendrites arising directly from the cell's soma.
Hogs have four toes on each foot.
Most linguists organize the African languages into four major language families .
Securities fraud can mean up to ten years in jail and a million dollar fine.
Black women giving birth have a four to one higher rate of mortality than white women do.
Steroids are compounds that have four rings fused together in a specific way.
Scorpions are eight legged venomous arachnids .
Oestrus lasts five days, and mating is unusually brief.
Electrodes are the place the two meet.
Psychology contributes to knowledge of methods of teaching in three ways.
Bacteria acquire genes for resistance in three ways.
Mitosis consists of four stages.
Parthenogenesis often happens where there are no males of a species in the vicinity.
Colds are common in young children, and five or six colds a year are quite common.
Iron occurs in two forms in food.
Egoic manifestation is produced through the medium of two fires.
Catheter ablation is an invasive procedure that takes three to five hours.
Toxic levels are around seven parts per million.
Raspberries have two growth stages within their life cycle.
Most soccer balls require between four and nine pounds of air.
Pain medications ease the discomfort which can last for up to seven days.
Clamps exist constantly on all septa, no polifications of clamps.
Ants can lift and carry more than three times their own weight.
Febrile seizures are limited to the young, probably under three years old.
Ferromagnetic objects have the strongest magnetic force out of the three magnetic types.
Acupuncture is a form of Chinese medicine that has been practiced for five thousand years.
Rotation spins an object around the three axes.
Mood changes such as irritability, anger and depression usually settle within three or four weeks.
Ozone is a molecule containing three oxygen atoms.
Winter lasts about nine months out of the year.
Conserved residues make similar contacts in two repressor-operator complexes.
People can have mild renal failure and have no symptoms .
Unipolar motors have four coils and are likely to have five or six wires attached.
Orangutans are divided into two different subspecies.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but the brown recluse has six eyes arranged in a distinctive pattern.
All bacteria reproduce by dividing into two cells.
Diploid cells have two homologous copies of each chromosome .
Catholic systems comprise ten of the twenty largest healthcare systems in the country.
Temporary visas are usually tourist visas good for six months, though they can be extended.
Black bears stand five to six feet long and almost three feet at the shoulders when on all fours.
Sound travels almost five times faster in water than on land, and sharks have keen sense of hearing.
Flexor carpi ulnaris muscles are fourth superior-most of five flexor epicondyle muscles.
Wolves reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Alcoholism often reduces a person's life expectancy by around ten years.
Carbohydrates have zero to do with causing diabetes.
Microwave ovens emit two kinds of radiation.
Many astronauts have trouble adjusting to zero gravity.
Hard ticks have three distinct life stages.
Automatic weapons have two specific uses in military tactics.
Luminosity decreases by almost four orders of magnitude in approximately five million years.
Cryptography provides three services that are crucial in secure programming.
Paintball is a game involving two teams.
Most actors spend only about five percent of their careers actually acting.
Boolean logic uses three basic 'operators' or limiters to manipulate sets.
Democracy means more than multiparty elections every four or five years.
Prions are protein molecules which have two metastable states.
Moles reach sexual maturity at about ten months of age and breed in their first winter.
Shield volcanoes are the widest of the three landforms in the activity.
Spiders have two body regions cephalothorax and abdomen.
Most infections are mild and produce either no symptoms or a minor influenza- like illness.
Pears require five hives per hectare.
Pinstripes is a eight foot tall pair of men's suit pants.
Crux lies on the Milky Way and is surrounded by the constellation Centaurus on three sides.
Bulbs bloom four to six weeks after planting.
Erbium is obtained by separating yttria, found in the mineral gadolinite, into three parts.
Ground beef can last up to four months, and chicken parts can stay good for nine months.
Vines are parthenocarpic, requiring no pollinators for fruit set.
Coal accounts for three quarters of electricity generation.
Most people have two normal genes for hemoglobin.
Bedbugs can survive for up to six months without food, they caution.
Wheat is roughly three times as hard to put air through as corn or soybeans.
Early bilinguals have identical representation of their two languages.
Reality is confined to what the five senses can perceive.
Cockatiels average four to five eggs per nest, with an egg typically laid every other day.
Red raspberries can be either of two types.
Most people eat more than three times that amount at one time.
Rotary engines produce three power pulses per crankshaft revolution.
Banana slugs have two sets of tentacles.
Most young men become monks for at least six months to a year.
Fossil fuels come in three major forms coal, oil and natural gas.
Some babies sleep through by age six weeks.
Babies first laugh when they are as young as three to four months old.
Yield is where the two crops have parted ways.
Diploid cultivars have two alleles.
Trefoil is an indeterminate bloomer and flowers continuously for nearly seven weeks.
Depression is three times the norm for persons in their age group.
Natural cerium is stable and contains four isotopes.
Domestic violence affects at least one out of every four U.S. families.
Confectionary sunflowers are divided into three categories.
Cassowaries are capable of breeding when they are three years old.
Allergic rhinitis is the most common allergic disease, with one in five Canadian adults affected.
Many people have two or more mental health problems.
Cleavage is perfect in three directions forming rhombs.
Triple trapeze is a wide, static trapeze with four ropes.
Plazas have no accumulations of rubbish but are covered with even layers of mud bricks and plaster.
People often have to wait between three and five years for an organ especially for a liver.
Army ants have six legs.
Fat grams contain nine calories, but carbohydrate grams contain only four calories.
Corn contains about eight percent protein and is high in carbohydrates.
Chromosomes have two chromatids.
Ephemeral plants are usually annuals that can go from seed to seed in as few as six weeks.
Cattle are the second most important commodity in nine states and third in six states.
Credit reports describe an individual's credit history for the last seven to ten years.
Owls have four toes on each foot, like most birds.
Biologists use seven characteristics to classify something as a living thing.
All societies share seven cultural universals.
Men are nine times more likely to die in a boating accident than women.
Hierarchical directories are also connective structures in two dimensions.
Atmospheric chemists come in three basic flavors.
Octagons have a centered symmetry with eight axes.
Young animals become fully mature in about six to seven years.
Cosmetics come in two types, greasy and non-greasy.
High resolution has two main effects on a viewable image.
Negation is a total inverse for all three addition operators.
Salamanders live in water and on land, and look rather like lizards, with four legs and a tail.
Relative wealth affects the market in two ways.
Indian corn has four colors, they stand for North, South, East, and West.
Adolescence is divided into three stages.
English braille consists of three grades of braille.
Peasants spend their days laboring in the fields, and usually work a seven day week.
Most walkers do walk at least half an hour at a time, but fewer walk four or more times a week.
Bacteria are germs that multiply by splitting into two cells.
Octopuses have eight arms, which are extended from the mantle.
Most people change careers at least three times in their work life and have several different jobs.
Trees start producing in three years for some varieties.
Probability is a concept governed by three basic axioms.
Cats have no handles when wet.
Ostriches usually live in groups, most commonly one male with three females.
Plastic is a five piece band from Wisconsin.
Quartile values divide a sample of hospitals into four groups equal in number.
Holograms are light records of three dimensional objects or spaces.
Listeriosis can cause mothers in the first three months of pregnancy to miscarry.
Seismologists offer three major theories for the occurrence of large, deep earthquakes.
Dietary fiber comes in two forms, soluble and insoluble.
Protein stability Give three examples of stabilizing mutations that mainly influence entropy.
Monocots have one cotyledon and dicots have two cotyledons.
Terrorism is a problem which has troubled the international community for more than three decades.
Most litters have two to four kittens.
Viceroys produce three generations per year, and the food habits of each generation differs.
Lizards have external ear openings, unlike snakes which have no openings at all.
Dryness causes cessation in bacterial growth since there are no nutrients present to feed on.
Deforestation affects biological diversity in three ways.
Preventative immunization consists of three vaccinations with the rabies vaccine.
White chocolate is a confection of fat and sugar and contains no antioxidants at all.
Photons have no mass or charge, and they travel in straight lines.
Vitamin E is really eight different compounds.
Nucleosides can combine with one, two or three phosphates .
Many women experience less asthma during the last four weeks of pregnancy.
Cockroaches have a broad, flattend shape and six long spiny legs.
Malaria still kills nearly two million people globally each year.
Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.
Highways have two important impacts on the economy.
Sign language is probably the origin of base ten mathematics.
Pantheism requires no ceremonies to entreat or propitiate such deities.
Gypsy moth spends four to six weeks in the larval stage.
Blitz chess is a timed event where the players have five minutes to complete a game.
All hairs have a life expectancy of three to six years.
Wolves can go for three to four days between meals.
Alcohol is high in calories - it supplies seven calories per gram and no nutrients worth mentioning.
Cocaine is worth about eight times the value of gold and is sold only for cash.
Athabascan girls are especially broad-hipped, but have virtually no buttocks at all.
Affected animals are usually under three weeks of age and usually found dead.
Young mites are smaller than the adults and have six legs.
Pinnipeds are carnivorous mammals in which all four limbs have been modified into flippers.
Oxygen exists in all three allotropic forms.
Surficial deposits range in thickness from zero to several hundred feet.
Fluorescent lighting is about four times as efficient as incandescent lighting.
Millwrights generally work eight hour days.
Tomatoes do require at least four to six hours of sunlight.
Some dentists prefer using the oral rinse for three to five days at a time.
Affected dogs die because of anemia and hepatic failure and death by five years of age.
Gastropods are relatively uncommon, and no cephalopods or trilobites are represented.
Hearts is a four player card game.
Solid lines are the sight-lines to the three background QSOs.
Radiant energy has two defining properties.
Artificial nectar ferments quickly, in one to two days.
Salt has at least three unique qualities.
Hippos reproduce about every two years in the wild.
Witchcraft is a class of magic characterized by two things.
Compound machines are two or more simple machines working together.
China lies in four AEZs, all of which are subtropical and include some temperate areas.
Caterpillars usually have five pairs of stumpy prolegs on the abdomen.
Turkey also has two inland drainage basins.
Biologists divide amphibians into three major groups or Orders.
Osteoporosis often has no symptoms until the sufferer breaks a hip, a wrist or a bone in the spine.
African elephants have five toes on the front feet and three on the back.
Osteoporosis is eight times more common in women than men.
Multidisciplinary planning is the interweaving of two or three disciplines.
Most swimmers workout twice a day, at least for four hours.
Some people say there are no atheists in trench warfare.
Fraternal twins are called dizygotic or two egg.
Some physicians give kids antibiotics for six months or more to try to control the infection.
Bears have five digits on each dextrous paw, each digit with a long non-retractable claw.
Wood burns in three stages.
Pure water contains no ions and is therefore a nonconductor .
Black unemployment is double that of white unemployment, and among women it is three times as much.
Former smokers can completely lower their risk of sudden cardiac death within ten years of quitting.
Ecologists recognize two kinds of succession.
Babies start at about four months, when peekaboo gets a response.
Platelets have a short life-span of just five days .
Significant power is observed in the magnetic field oscillations with periods of five minutes.
Molecules are groups of two or more atoms.
Snowflakes have six points because of the way water molecules hold hands inside snowflakes.
Gene flow plays a crucial role in all three stages.
All insects have three body regions, the head, thorax, and abdomen.
Women are six times more likely than men to be the targets of domestic violence.
Young skinks have five white or yellowish stripes on a blackish body and a bright blue tail.
Humans contain about eight ounces of salt.
Females are three times more likely to be sexually abused during childhood than males.
Retraction requires the contraction of two internal muscles.
Bovine coccidiosis is seen most frequently in calves that are six to twelve months of age.
Lenses have three main shapes.
Apparent competition can occur when two species share a predator.
Cinnabar exists in two crystal forms .
Trees are keys to ecological land use for three reasons.
Cholesterol has two main functions in the body.
Neutrinos are particles with almost no mass and no electric charge.
Psychiatrists say that one in four people is mentally ill.
Bobcats live to be ten or twelve years old.
Sound waves travel one mile in about five seconds.
Large complexes are apartment buildings or complexes with six or more dwelling units.
Alpine marmots have two different alarm calls.
Roaches can live without food for up to six weeks.
Job sharing allows two employees to share one position.
Psychology has two specific aspects - scientific and professional.
Steroids have a basic structure of four fused rings of carbon atoms.
Chronic insomnia lasts longer than three months and often needs to be treated.
Intertidal areas show a lack of large clams, resulting in a low average size for all four species.
Females give birth about every five years.
Sport psychology can unite the two in harmony.
Quadrille is dressage ridden by four people simoultaneously.
Germanium is in column four in the periodic table and has four valence electrons.
Most people require six to eight hours of sleep.
Substance abuse knows no boundaries crossing all cultural, ethnic, and socioeconomic lines.
Moderation is defined by at least one beer company as drinking up to four drinks a day.
Platelets are unique in that they have a short life span of just five days.
Color codes are six digit combinations of letters and numbers that correspond to a specific color.
Most marine dinoflagellates are unicellular, photosynthetic organisms with two flagella.
Chlorination is necessary for two reasons.
Most infants double their birth weight in six months and triple it in a year.
Tea leaves exposed to oxygen for up to three hours become black tea.
Some sharks disappear from feeds for periods of around three months.
Illness can last up to six days.
Spikelets generally contain two fertile flowers.
Sexual harassment can occur between any two individuals.
Most babies pass through the first six months of life without any problems.
Corms are ready for digging about six weeks after they have bloomed.
Bulgarian beekeepers fall into two general groups.
Most phosphorus comes from two sources, sewage and runoff.
Autism is four times more prevalent in boys.
Insects have three pairs of jointed legs attached to the thorax.
Island foxes live as long as ten years and generally mate for life.
Nest building begins about four to six weeks after martins arrive at their final breeding site.
Eschatology is divided into three major schools of thoughts.
Tardigrades have barrel-shaped bodies with four pairs of stubby legs.
Mitosis is the division of one cell into two cells.
Vitamin E is available in two forms, natural and synthetic.
Sheep milk has about eight percent butterfat, compared to three or four percent in cow's milk.
Herbs have three major functions.
Women are four times as likely to suffer malaria attacks during pregnancy.
Biomedical ethics involves two basic principles.
Natural gas is lighter than air, non-toxic and contains no poisonous ingredients.
Dwarves are extremely sensitive to sunlight, and can burn after three minutes in the sun.
Some rare mages have the powers of the four elements.
All quetzals have four legs.
Most primates have five digits on each limb.
Colds come and go in less than two weeks.
Respiratory substrates are of three kinds viz., carbohydrates, fats and proteins.
Natural rhenium is a mixture of two stable isotopes.
Pandas sleep two to four hours a day.
Colonies show three different growth form 'phases'.
Y are two morphisms of local ringed sets.
Every week has seven days, seven days, seven days.
Sugar Gliders live between eight and fifteen years.
Pork has three times as much thiamin as any other food.
Myofibrils contain two types of filaments.
Most Trusts have two or more Trustees.
Nonverbal communication is present even if there are no words being spoken.
Scorpions have pincers, eight legs and a long tail with a stinger at the tip.
Most geckos live for about four to ten years.
Brook stickleback have prominent mouths, large eyes and four to six spines on their backs.
Neurofibromatosis appears in two forms.
Dishevelled proteins lead to two signaling pathways.
Statistics indicate that one in three women and one in six men have experienced sexual abuse.
Wombats reach sexual maturity at the age of two years.
Tadpoles hatch out within two days.
Sexual reproduction involves two gametes from different parents.
Washed sand has no nutrients to support bacterial growth.
Newborn calves are approximately seven meters in length.
Most infants become ready to try solid foods when they are between four and six months of age.
State law requires that all dogs over four months of age be licensed and vaccinated against rabies.
Ear infections are of two major types.
Bears are flat-foot walkers with five toes.
Dykes divide the wetland into ten units.
Many high schools have no librarians or counselors.
Granite occurs in two separate masses.
Clover can live in it, and people can hunt for four leaf clovers in it.
Insects sport six appendages, and dominate the species count on our planet.
Plants produce seed at eight years of age.
Influenza viruses undergo two types of changes.
Most movements require the activation of very few muscles, around five percent or ten at the most.
Butane has four carbon atoms chained together.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every ten American women.
Gibberellins are diterpenoids derived from four isoprenoid units forming a system of four rings.
Leeches can grow to be eight inches long.
Scorpions are arachnids that possess eight legs.
White men are four times more likely to develop testicular cancer than black men.
Medical drugs can only kill one or two parasites each.
Some clocks come with three wire cord.
Mango trees grown from seed can take up to eight years to bear fruit.
Programming occurs in all nine subject areas in the discipline of computing.
Box turtles are official state reptiles of four U.S. states.
Carious dentin is made up of two distinct layers.
Norplant implants cause most women to have irregular periods and spotting for the first six months.
Domestic violence is a two way street.
Seeds germinate in about a month, but plants grown from seed take three to five years to flower.
Armaments manufacturers use lithium to produce tritium in two ways.
Tadpoles undergo four remarkable changes that are easy to observe.
Most orchids require plenty of light, preferably at least six hours a day.
Insects are identified by having three sets of paired legs, while isopods have seven.
Some women suffer recurrent UTIs, as many as three or more a year.
Smoking is responsible for one in five deaths in Canada.
Silver bullion is sold in three different forms.
Some friars also live in parishes where there are no friaries established.
Wombats measure up to four feet long and weigh from thirty to seventy-five pounds.
Gingko trees develop seeds in two ways.
Lions stand between three and a half and four feet tall at the shoulder.
Fungal spores are usually about ten times larger than viral structures.
Revolution is recommended for use in dogs and cats six weeks of age and older.
Arbitration is a process where one or three arbitrators make a decision about the case.
Cords begin to form between the ages of six and nine months.
Most people stay three or four years, sometimes five or six years.
Sound waves travel through the air in a similar manner, but in all three dimensions.
Meteorologists divide California into three different parts.
Tetrapods are animals that have four legs or leg-like appendages.
Turkey has seven river basins.
Humans generally produce five pounds of waste in a single day.
Beavers live in colonies of four to ten.
Food allergies impact four to six percent of young children in America.
Men usually marry later in life because they have no means of supporting a family.
Crickets are insects with six legs and an exoskeleton.
Volcanoes form in two places on the Earth.
Goblins usually travel in familly tribes of eight to a dozen goblins.
Electromagnetic changes are at the speed of light and reach Earth within eight minutes.
Political geography is organized or studied in three scaled groups.
Individual beetles can live up to three years.
Women are five times more likely to experience carpal tunnel syndrome than men.
Neurons have three types of axonal transport .
Balance is created by the equal presence of all four energies acting at once.
Color triads is a color scheme composed of three colors spaced equally apart on the color wheel.
Whales are thought to sleep around eight hours a day .
Morocco has four perennial rivers and many dams have been built with potential for power generation.
Islamic art shows no representations of humans, birds or animals.
Beryllium is found in a variety of countries on five continents.
Every person has two kidneys.
Most beaver dams are less than four feet high.
Enzymes often catalyze reactions with two substrates and two products.
Reliability affects the production of goods in three distinct ways.
Horns are pyramidal peaks that form when several cirques chisel a mountain from three or more sides.
Fluorescent tubes make white light in two stages.
Respect is the essential concept between any two life-forms.
Osteoporosis is three to four times more common in woman than men.
Healthy iguanas can easily reach six feet, and subsequently require huge enclosures.
Embryos develop to fully formed first-stage larvae within about three weeks.
Temperatures can, on occasion, fall well below freezing, however below zero temperatures are rare.
Female fish have two equally sized holes.
All passerines have four toes on each foot.
CMYK images consist of the four colors used to print color separations.
All plants take two generations to complete one life cycle.
H chains have five chains as previously described.
Diabetes comes in two forms.
Marriage is a joining of two hearts.
Human rights are key to people s lives for four main reasons.
Males mature sexually as soon as two years of age.
Beryllium has four protons and four electrons.
Harmony occurs when two or more sounds are heard simultaneously.
Sleep is a restful state of the body when there is little or no conscious thought.
Sugar cane is used to make rum at three distilleries.
Many countries have no laws against kiddie porn on the Internet.
All spiders have four pairs of legs and a set of leg-like appendages called palps.
Saliva consists of two fluids, 'mucous' and 'serous'.
Butterflies have three legs and three body sections and they fly.
Poodles have four legs.
White sturgeon inhabit three large river systems, all on the western coast of North America.
Rabbits can live to be around ten years old or older.
Finbacks become sexually mature at around ten to thirteen years old.
Psychology has no means to deal with inherited behavioral disorders like addictions.
Yew is a small genus of about eight species scattered across North America, Europe, and Asia.
Most ecosystems have only four trophic levels, and the top carnivores are very rare.
HOD usually shows up as an acute lameness, often seeming to affect all four legs simultaneously.
Most women have no problems getting pregnant with a retroverted uterus.
Dolphins live in social groups of five to several hundred.
Moths live less than two weeks.
Human rabies is extremely rare, and there have been no cases in Oregon in the last eight years.
Holograms are photographs of the three dimensional impressions stored on light waves.
True marriage is more than the joining of two persons.
Today there are four mating pairs.
Heart attacks strike one in three people.
Sponges have no nervous system.
Fluorescent lamps are roughly three times more intense than ordinary lightbulbs.
Plesiosaurs fall into two groups.
Women are three times more likely to have migraines.
Ozone is a molecule that is composed of three oxygen atoms.
Germs have no means of locomotion expect to attach themselves to particles of dust.
Spiders have eight tiny eyes.
Intravenous form is used three times a day and when an immediate effect of medicine is needed.
Acupuncture needles are about two to three inches long.
Billions have no access to health care and education.
Tennis is day or night on two all-weather courts.
Current statistics give a person living today a one in three chance of dying from with cancer.
Teeth begin to come in, or erupt, around age six months.
Many children never have the love of two parents.
Clovers occasionally have leaves with four leaflets, instead of the usual three.
All insects have six legs in the adult stage.
Most babies are ready for solid food between four and six months of age unless premature.
Climate covers minimum and maximum temperatures for all four seasons.
Bulls usually don t breed until they re three years old.
Soybeans have ten times the calcium of meat and twice that of eggs, and soybeans are low in fat.
Dengue has an incubation period of five to seven days after one is bitten by an infected mosquito.
White men can expect to live over seven years longer than black men.
Sin has two effects on every person's life.
Autism is present at birth and the characteristics become evident in the first three years.
Turkey eggs are the size of two chicken eggs.
Salmonella are just two of the common foodborne diseases.
Babies can range in age from newborn up to three years old.
Prairie dogs bear four or five young per litter.
Many bilingual people grow up speaking two languages.
Young margays open their eyes two weeks after birth.
Some amphibians dig deep burrows and stay there for up to nine months at a time.
Japan is the second largest single country importer with about five per cent of world oat imports.
Plants can spread to four feet across when mature.
Some rusts produce up to five different spore forms.
Scientific names consist of two parts, hence they are binomial.
Hyphenated words are words that are formed from two words.
Clothes moths go through four distinct lifecycle periods with significant change at each stage.
Piglets normally grow about half their potential growth rate from birth to three weeks of age.
Rabbits live an average of about six years.
Fungi also participate in two important symbiotic relationships.
Most lizards have eyelids, ear openings, four legs and a tail.
Egg laying usually involves the formation of clutches of four to six eggs.
Whitetail does give birth to anywhere from one to six fawns each spring.
Some people say sleeping through the night is midnight to five o'clock.
Complementary opposites are two colours juxtaposed on the colour wheel.
Most children enter kindergarten at the age of five and are developing basic literacy skills.
Birds possess a four chambered heart.
Arachnids have eight legs.
Salt is spread when accumulations are under two inches.
Breast cancer affects more than one in eight women.
Squirrels otherwise appear to be safe and pose almost zero risk of transmitting rabies .
Life is manifest in four distinct states of existence.
Some fire stations house two ambulances.
Veterinarians divide stringhalt into two major categories.
Drip irrigation sends water straight to a plant's roots with virtually no loss to evaporation.
Ethical consumerism has three main effects.
Contract bridge is the basic form played by four players, usually informally and socially.
Children drown quickly and silently - even in as little as five centimetres of water.
Cubs weigh under three pounds at birth and are striped.
Most women ovulate two weeks after quitting the pill.
American anthropology has four broad subfields.
Tesla coils are extremely dangerous and have killed three people.
Declensional patterns are different among three types of noun.
Most darters are less than four inches long.
Tempera comes in three forms - liquid, powder and blocks.
Sexual maturity is reached at about nine months of age.
Porcine insulin has one different amino acid and bovine insulin has three different amino acids.
Prostate cancer can cause symptoms in two main ways.
Snakes have three layers of skin but only the outer, thinnest layer peels away when they shed.
Most bony fishes become sexually mature between one and five years.
Lightning is described as having two parts.
All insects have six legs.
Children often learn how to infuse themselves at the age of eight or ten.
Uninsured people are more than three times more likely to die in the hospital than the insured.
Serious offenses carry sentences of seven years or above.
Schizophrenia is made up of probably four or five different syndromes.
Common genets have five distinct calls.
Fantails have two horizontal lobes on their tails.
Violence is a part of all societies and there are no societies without some level of violence.
Fluorescent lights are three to four times more energy-efficient.
Muslim men can divorce by simply pronouncing triple talak and can have up to four wives.
Chaotic systems have at least two solutions.
Digestive warmth is the key to the success of the entire process of keeping three humors in balance.
Sharks use three different methods of reproduction.
Llamas have an adorable way of laying down and tucking all four legs underneath themselves.
Most amphibians have four limbs.
Paraovarian cysts are of three types i.e. mesothelial, paramesonephric or mesonephric.
Some people know from the age of five that they want to set up their own business.
Cancer is home to two open star clusters.
Many salad dressings contain eight or more grams of fat per Tablespoon.
Lobsters use their three pairs of antennas as sensors.
Organs arise from three cell layers in the developing embryo.
Ozone is a highly reactive molecule that contains three oxygen atoms.
Statistics show that women outlive their husbands by seven years.
Consonant blends are two letters together.
Sunfishes are characterized by deep bodies and three spines in the anal fin.
Vomiting is present in up to two thirds of patients.
Some homeopathic remedies are so dilute, no molecules of the healing substance remain.
Cnidarians are radially symmetrical invertebrates with two tissue layers.
Marriage is the bringing together of the two sexes.
All limbs have five digits.
Most prescription medications come in only two or three sizes.
Neutrinos do exist, in huge numbers, but all known neutrinos have zero mass.
Women live an average of six years longer than their spouses.
Marriages dissolve when two lives are pointed in different directions.
Boys kill themselves five times more often than girls.
Precious metals appear in the names of three stories.
Protists are mostly microscopic and have no organs or tissues.
Acorns require two years to mature.
Sheep pox is a notifiable disease in the four Maghreb countries.
Economists divide resources into four basic categories - land, labor, capital and management.
Recordable CDs are different in that there are no pits in the polycarbonate.
Nits typically hatch eight or nine days after they're laid.
Atrial flutter is categorized into two types.
Some niqabs have one or two holes for the eyes.
Conglomerate integration is when two apparently unconnected companies merge.
All plants are on their own roots, but there are no signs of root rots.
High stress has the highest pitch, about four notes above a vowel without a stress mark.
Epilepsy is defined as having two or more unprovoked seizures.
History is the common language of the two cultures.
Breeding involves the mixing of two complete genomes.
Harvest season comes in about three months after flowering.
Malaria is the leading killer, responsible for one in five child deaths.
Adult muskrats average one foot in length and three pounds in weight.
Boys grow for about six years after puberty starts .
Coefficients are positive numbers with up to two decimal places.
Serious abuse can result in a prison sentence of from one to eight years.
Electrics usually have five strings.
Royal jelly contains all eight essential amino acids.
Twigs are moderate in diameter, brown, with half-round leaf scars with three bundle scars.
Physicists now think of light in terms of photons, particles that have no mass but carry momentum.
Ordinary tin is composed of nine stable isotopes.
Adolescent boys are over four times more likely to succeed than are adolescent girls.
Diabetic complications develop in nearly a third of patients within ten years of diagnosis.
Humans produce five times more melatonin at night then during the day.
White basswood grows in all five States.
Triangle is a convex polygon with three segments joining three non-collinear points.
White infants are more than three times as likely to be breast fed as black infants.
Parasitic nematodes are beneficial for six reasons.
Vertebrates exhibit all three of the chordate characteristics at some point during their lives.
Children show no symptoms of lead poisoning until irreversible brain damage has occurred.
Most people develop antibodies within three months and some can take up to six months.
Tibetan medicine defines three main systems which control the body's processes.
Most sharks have five different kinds of fins, which lift, stabilze and propel the shark.
Lizards thrive in deserts, but no reptiles can survive at all in polar ecosystems.
Women are the sole breadwinners in one household in three worldwide.
Stalks can grow up to ten feet tall.
Walkers move around, sometimes alone and sometimes in groups of five or more.
Human beings consist of body, soul, and spirit three aspects or levels of existence.
Inland birds are no less interesting and variable than the seabirds.
Semaphores have three properties.
Baryons increase the mass of the fluid causing more infall and a net zero point displacement.
Plants normally start to flower about two years of age.
Most minor lacerations have minimal bleeding, minimal pain and no numbness or tingling at the site.
Plant roots absorb three vital nutrients.
Exports support one out of every five manufacturing jobs in the United States.
Industrial consumers use over six percent of the coal mined in the United States.
Copper is ten times higher in dog liver than in human liver.
Mortality is high in affected puppies and most die of infection before six months of age.
Medical abortions require three doctors' visits, driving up the cost.
Whole blood contains all four components and is sometimes used to treat acute hemorrhage patients.
Sexual reproduction is when offspring occur from two parent cells.
Most electric meters have four or five dials.
Mollusks are the most numerous of the four animals.
R contains four eigenvectors.
Males typically live for ten years in the wild, and females for up to seventeen years.
Normal cells have two copies of each gene.
Syncretism is the fusion of two or more religious systems.
All passerines have four toes on each foot.
Many starfish have five arms, but there are some deep-water species that carry more than fifty.
Cockroaches can hold their breath for up to seven minutes.
Swimmers have to be at least seven years old and comfortable in water.
Smoking is a deadly addiction , responsible for three million deaths each year.
Milk teeth stay in a child up to the age of seven to eight years.
Most spicules have four axes.
Acrobats mount a single bicycle until ten people in all are stacked on top of it.
Smokers lose their teeth at a rate three times greater than nonsmokers.
Meat can stay in the warmth of the intestine for at least four days until it is digested.
Many lizards are insectivorous, relatively long tail, four legs, and live a fairly short life.
Cats have five toes on the forefeet and four on the hind feet.
Gravity is an attraction between any two objects.
Snow is made from snowflakes, which are six sided.
Crickets are a little smaller as adults but no less versatile.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, accounting for one in three cancers diagnosed.
Sake contains no preservatives or sulfites.
Brain development is very dramatic in the first three years of life.
Fruit flies have three pairs of autosomes and one pair of sex chromosomes.
Precocious puberty is nine times more common in girls than in boys.
Biological islands are of two general types, geographical and ecological.
Democratic elections take place every six years.
Tourism is considered the number four industry globally.
Sweet potatoes have an enormous genome, containing six copies of each chromosome.
Psychologists say there are at least three levels of goals.
Sulfur plays two important roles in global change biology.
Intussusception occurs most commonly in babies between five and nine months of age.
Red bats take from one to three years to mature.
Cleavage occurs typically in either one, two, three, four, or six directions.
Acorns take two growing seasons to mature.
Infantile colic is benign paroxysmal abdominal pain during the first three months of life.
Digital processing has the capability of using, two, three or more digits for encoding information.
Vertebrates never have more than two pairs of limbs.
All insects lay eggs, and most go through four stages of metamorphosis.
Spiders have eight legs and usually have eight eyes.
Western geographers consider it to be the northernmost of five central Asian republics.
Adelgids can kill a fir tree in as little as three years.
Scapulohumeral rhythm serves at least two purposes.
T cells serve two roles.
Watersheds fall into four broad categories when comparing yields to general land use.
Fraternal twins occur when two separate eggs are fertilized.
Rabbits have a life-span of about ten years, and require as much maintenance as a dog or cat.
Taproots can grow an inch per day and eventually reach four feet in length.
Particle physicists do it with three colours and anti-colours.
Some abnormalities produce no symptoms early in life.
Summer is the season of the midnight sun when it really never gets dark for almost three months.
Dietary supplements are particularly important for older people for three reasons.
French women are five times more likely to have accidents and commit suicides.
Milk protein has two basic components, whey and casein.
Bacteria are of two groups eubacteria and archae bacteria.
Mild dehydration is when there is a fluid loss of five percent from the body.
Autism is four times more common in boys than in girls.
Igneous rock occurs in two ways.
Bats have eight fingers and two thumbs like human beings.
Taxonomists recognize seven races.
Workers have three fundamental rights in health and safety.
Ladybugs usually stay larvae for three or four weeks, enough time to do some serious chowing down.
Polluted water causes diarrhoea, which kills five million children per year.
Water has a five year shelf life.
Hackberry is host to a large number of insects and diseases, most of which cause no serious damage.
Chemists divide energy into two classes.
Whooping cough has three stages.
Today there are three living species of peccary.
Corn can sometimes survive for four to five days.
Halophytes have two ways of achieving their salt tolerance.
All herbs are organic, no dyes or additives used in processing.
Speciation leads to the creation of two independent populations.
Civil registration is divided into three parts, birth, marriage and death.
Gerenuks live in small groups of two to twelve animals.
Porphyritic textures form primarily because of two rates of cooling.
Neonatal death is the term used when a baby dies within four weeks of birth.
Arthritis is the leading cause of disability in the state affecting about one in three adults.
Diols contain two -OH groups.
Droplet transmission has a specific mechanism of transfer, and droplets are five microns or larger.
Society only has two social genders to choose from.
Male wrens build many nests, sometimes as many as five or six, for their intended mates.
All Dishevelled proteins have three highly conserved domains.
Viruses come in two main shapes, spherical, or rod like.
Elves are bipeds and usually grow to heights of greater than six foot.
Selenium is five times more poisonous than arsenic.
Abortion is also common, with one in five pregnancies ending in abortion.
White noise is a sound that has no harmonics in it, or it has all harmonics in it.
Wolves disperse from their family pack before they turn three years old and some roam far away.
Final nymphs molt into adult males or females, also with eight legs.
Crows begin to fly sufficiently to be released at eight weeks or so.
Suckling becomes less frequent when the calf is about six months old.
Astronomers officially recognize nine major planets.
Dashes are three times the length of dots.
All scorpions have an additional five segments after the initial seven, ending in a sharp sting.
Ventilation uses two physical properties of air to be effective.
Sugarcane matures in about eight months in a rich, moist soil.
Today there are still two billion people without electricity.
Space is a configuration of four 'immaterial particles'.
Most men die within three years.
CAGE is the pneumonic that represents the four questions used to identify an alcoholic.
Banks merge and change their names at least every once every five year.
Broccoli seeds take one to two weeks to germinate.
Many women display no symptoms of gonorrhea.
Peregrines begin reproducing when they are three years old.
All dogs are animals, and no cats are dogs, therefore no cats are animals.
Roots are ready for harvest when they are about three years old.
Most people require seven to eight hours of sleep per night.
Today there are nine UK hospitals doing heart transplants.
Tilt consists of three small surface vents.
Granite is very solid and hard because it tends to have no cracks or seams.
Human cooperation is the result of three factors.
Nymphs pass through two moults .
Energy travels through harmonics with no loss of power.
Energy supply is disaggregated into two categories, renewable and non-renewable.
Many family farms are partnerships of more than three people.
Raman amplifiers are two key optical amplification techniques.
Tee ball is the entry sport to baseball for young players, generally four to eight years old.
Pathologists study four to five years after medical school and their postgraduate training.
Matter comes in four different forms, called states.
Scientists believe three out of every five breast cancers are hormone responsive.
Ants have two sets of jaws.
Most wedges are combinations of two inclined planes.
Ermines weigh approximately one to five ounces.
Declination increases from zero with latitude away from the equator.
Universities are places of learning in two senses.
Orangutans give birth only once every eight or nine years.
Men are three to five times more likely than women to be diagnosed with esophageal cancer.
Sterescopic devices create the illusion of three dimension by doing just that.
Children usually outgrow thumb-sucking between the ages of three and six.
Robins are about ten inches long.
Women have two X chromosomes, whereas men have one copy.
Most cosmetic surgery done for aging is of limited value, usually holding up five to seven years.
Sewage travels through three different sets of pipes.
Air governs the magick of the four winds, most divinations, concentration and visualization magick.
Most orangutans are four to five feet long, some can reach a length of six feet.
Hematologic tests are negative with no signs of sepsis.
Vector quantities have two characteristics, a magnitude and a direction.
Most species have two sexes - male and female.
Electrolytic capacitors have a useful life of about ten years.
Wolverines reproduce every two or three years .
Viruses have only eight genes.
Flu strikes within one to three days after exposure to the virus.
Most deserts are located within two belts near the equator.
Coyotes are pack animals, and a female usually has six pups.
All teeth typically have three layers.
Bandicoots have at least four distinct vocalisations.
Sulphur can exist as five different allotropes.
Cleavage is good in three directions forming cubes.
Autism strikes males about four times more frequently than females.
Most human events go through three phases of growth.
Young birds stay in the nest three to four weeks.
Tripods are of two basic types, Photo and Video.
Cleavage is perfect in two directions forming splintery fragments.
Biennials start from seeds and last for two seasons.
Ozone is a gas that consists of three atoms of oxygen.
Infertility is a disease that affects approximately one in ten couples worldwide.
Atoms are most stable when they have eight electrons in their outer electron energy level.
Nymphs pass through four to five moults before reaching adulthood.
Heterogenous rays vary from one to at least five cells wide.
Natural strontium is a mixture of four stable isotopes.
Duodenal ulcers are three times more common than gastric ulcers.
Social science comes in two forms, which work together.
Spiritual slavery comes in two forms.
Elk are more than three times the size of deer.
Malnutrition already is a cause of over a third of deaths of children under five in Africa.
Water is great for the skin and has zero calories.
Hypersensitivity develops over a period of two to ten weeks.
Plant cells are rather different in two respects.
Most animals succumb about ten days after the onset of clinical symptoms.
Some countries have no laws prohibiting insider trading.
Some countries require passports to be valid for six months after expiry of the visa.
Most soft leaves have no stomates in the upper epidermis.
Coronations are to be found everywhere, for there are no societies without traditions.
Binary relationships involve two entities.
Shame occurs when people sense they are failures in any of the three areas.
Pinnipeds share five common characteristics with other mammals.
Blood enters the heart through five pairs of ostia, each pair lead- ing into a chamber of the heart.
Most people have a bowel movement anywhere between three times per day to three times per week.
Cancer cells gobble up sugar ten to fifteen times more than normal cells do.
Cysts are usually small, appear in limited numbers, and cause no serious problems.
Most normal children have four to six colds a year.
Dragonflies can move each of their four wings independently.
Cheetahs live alone or in small groups numbering up to six individuals.
Most electric motors draw up to three times their rated current when starting.
Doctors say the average adult needs seven to nine hours of sleep a night.
Watermelons produce two types of flowers.
Leaves normally take up to two years to decay.
Youngsters stay with their parents up to four years.
Outer shells can hold more electrons but are considered stable when they contain eight electrons.
Water is the only substance that naturally occurs in all three states on earth.
Women have two ovaries.
All regular quadrilaterals have four right angles.
Fusion is the joining of two or more vertebrae.
Milk is a good source of all three nutrients.
Bear feet have five toes.
Showers have a lip of two inches or less.
Fusion is similar to that described in Chlamydomonas, forming a zygote with four flagella.
Cows give birth every three to five years.
Men are five times more likely to die from drowning.
Junction is a point where two dissimilar metals are joined.
Lifespans range from three to over thirty years.
Fingerlings are about three inches six months after hatching.
Benedictine monks make three vows as a sign of their commitment to the monastic way of life.
Prostate cancer has no symptoms in the early stages.
Every insect has six legs, that's an insect.
Snapdragons are annual flowering plants that grow one to four feet and thrive on sunshine.
Sexual reproduction involves meiosis - two consecutive cell divisions.
Some people like to feed their pets once a day and some up to three times a day.
Tumors usually shrink within one to two days of therapy.
Spiders have one, two, or three pairs of spinnerets.
Latin nouns come in five classes, or spelling groups, also called 'declensions'.
Bluegills average four to ten inches in length.
Some bird feeders have no perches at all, but neither do tree trunks.
Abdominal scars consist of two to four half-inch incisions.
Crystal growth is affected by four naturally occurring factors.
Bloody diarrhea lasts for two to five days.
Sexual maturity is reached at about seven years of age.
Adult roundworms have a funny face, with three big lips surrounding their mouth.
Sexual reproduction combines the genetic materials of two plants.
Skunks see well up to only about three feet.
Disaccharides are two joined monosaccharides.
Waves have no mass and yet they carry energy as they travel through space.
Huntsman spiders have large, hairy bodies with eight long legs.
Infertility affects about one in six couples of child-bearing age.
Most jellies have four stomachs that receive their food through a central mouth.
Most commercial fertilizers contain all three main nutrients plus some trace elements.
Females reach sexual maturity around four to five year-olds.
Green iguanas are handsome creatures, but they can grow up to six feet long, and be aggressive.
Women are three times more likely to be affected than men are.
Dietary fiber acts as if it had zero calories and is found only in plant sources.
Liver cancer is usually fatal within six months.
Molecules form when two or more atoms combine together.
Tellurium trioxide can come in two forms.
Natural resources can be of three types.
Color codes are a six digit number for either background or text.
Organizations There are four organizations in the United States that govern dog agility.
Cabbageworms come in two varieties.
Autism is four times more likely to be found in boys than girls.
Perception has three levels of complexity.
Ice covers about three percent of the world's water surface.
Insects have three pairs and arachnids have four pairs of limbs.
Glycolysis has two steps.
Mothers typically have from one to six cubs, which are born blind and toothless.
Magnesium exists as three isotopes in nature.
Figs are dry when they feel leathery and show no pockets of moisture.
Phylogenetic analyses confirm two mitochondrial mallard clades.
Martian meteorite shows no signs of life on the red planet.
Collision detection determines if two objects collide with each other.
Beer is a word with two meanings.
White pine has five needles per cluster and has bluish green foliage.
Salt can come from two sources.
Most active nests contain six eggs that are buff-colored with dark speckles.
Fringed campion occurs in two distinct geographic areas.
Acoustic guitars come in two types.
Life flows past the three dimensions of the body like radio waves escaping from an electrical wire.
Wisdom is the second of the ten sefirotic emanations.
Most children recover from croup in three to five days.
Hyperactive children become magnesium deficient for two reasons.
Sexual maturity is reached at about three years.
Bovine insulin differs from human in only three amino acid residues, and porcine insulin in one.
Mangroves have three basic organs lika any other ordinary plant, the stem, the leaf and the root.
Mumps is contagious seven days prior to and nine days after the onset of symptoms.
Citrus is picked from trees at least three years old.
Most street children have no access to health care and community services.
Ornithologists estimate their precolonial population at two to three billion.
Chimpanzees reach puberty between the age of eight and ten years.
Overprints are new colors formed when two colors are combined.
Loons typically produce two eggs each year.
All ants have three body parts, a pair of , elbowed antennae, six legs and a pinched waist.
Women have a longer life expectancy, outliving men by an average of seven to eight years.
Larger sodas can have three times more calories.
Braids range from three to seven or more strands.
Communities have few or no dogs and cats because they've been eaten.
Silkies have two seasonal moults but little hair is dropped.
Aphids are and carry at least two diseases.
Scientists spend six to nine hours a day in the water and often venture out at night as well.
Beer consists of four essential ingredients which categorizing a beverage as beer.
Phosphates are made of one phosphorus atom surrounded by four oxygen atoms.
Ultraviolet radiation falls under three categories separated by wavelength.
Seasons occur because of two factors working together.
Most ferrets prefer to have all four feet in the litter pan when they use it.
Humans exhibit four characteristic types of eye motion.
Triclinic system has three axes all of different lengths and all inclined to each other.
Dragonflies have two pairs of wings.
Speciation can occur when two populations occupy different habitats.
Women are almost three times as likely to be in nursing homes as men.
Horses can produce five times the volume of sweat per area of skin that a human can.
Insects develop from an egg into an adult in three ways.
Abalone are marine mollusks, with eight species inhabiting the west coast of North America.
Nodes are points in space that have zero probability for locating an electron there.
Biennials are plants that live for two years.
Osteoporosis produces no symptoms or warning signs until a fracture occurs.
Hoary marmots are active about four and a half months each year.
Dogs have three eyelids.
Carbohydrates come in two main types, simple and complex.
Mosquitoes spend one to two days in the pupae stage.
T cells require two signals to become activated.
Fresh ginseng is less than four years old and can be consumed in the fresh state.
Mast cells release three sets of mediators with dramatic, immediate, local and systemic effects.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in Georgia, accounting for one in four deaths each year.
Most lions drink water daily if available, but can go four or five days without it.
Hex numbers have six digits.
Sheep can be carriers for up to nine weeks after recovering from the infection.
Most boys are born with two testicles in the scrotum.
Tall grass can be up to five feet tall.
Synchronized skaters perform a series of choreographed maneuvers, lasting three to four minutes.
Many churches have seven windows on each side of the nave, numbers some consider holy.
Fishers have five toes on their feet, and their claws can be drawn up into the paws, like a cat's.
Adult silverfish live approximately three years.
Octopuses use their eight sucker-lined arms to capture their prey and move about on the ocean floor.
Wolves have five to six pups in a litter.
Butterflies have three pairs of legs.
Beetles remain infectious for at least three weeks.
White males are six times more likely to commit suicide than are African American females.
Pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day.
Spermatogenesis produces four haploid spermatids from the precursor cell.
All ticks have three pairs of legs during the immature stage and four pairs as an adult.
Some stars are three times larger than the sun and are called massive stars.
Scarcity occurs when, at a zero price, quantity demanded is greater than quantity supplied.
Sexual maturity is reached at about three to five years of age.
Toilet training is a gradual process that can take up to three months or more.
Children of alcoholics are four times more likely than non-COAs to develop alcoholism.
Wolves have extremely good night vision, even when they are only three months old.
Most people recover in one to three months.
Foams are neither solid, liquid, nor gas, but they exhibit properties of all three states.
Daily currency flows approximate four months of world trade.
Hogs excrete about four times the wastes that humans do.
Cats have five toes on each front paw, but only four toes on each back paw.
Acute sinusitis can last for four weeks or more.
Most ornithologists divide the albatrosses into three groups.
Pratincoles have four toes, short bills and legs, long, pointed wings, and forked tails.
Coral reefs make up only five per cent of the area of the Great Barrier Reef.
Female dogs go into heat every six months usually starting at six months of age.
Ozone is a form of oxygen in which the molecule contains three atoms instead of two.
Most fatal fires kill one or two people only.
Manatees are herbivorous animals and spend six to eight hours a day eating.
Ferrets bite in two manners.
Most internal parasites are specific to one or two species.
Depression is five times more common in working class women than in men.
Clementines are easy to peel and have no seeds .
Wild horses run daily with no shoes on and have no problems.
True bugs have two pairs of wings or none.
Life insurance begins after six months of employment.
Blueberries grow in two varieties, lowbush and highbush.
Smallmouth bass grow to five inches in their first growing season.
Most vegetable seeds remain viable for three to five years when stored properly.
Presidential elections occur once every four years.
Poverty is especially prevalent among rural minorities, who number one if four of rural students.
Eldorado Canyon is located about three miles southeast of Dayton, Nevada in the Pine Nut Mountains.
Pipelines transport crude oil to refineries, a process that takes ten days on average.
Powder coatings are heat-fusible resin coatings that give off no pollutants as they cure.
Guillemots are fed sprats three or four times a day and are constantly checked by vets.
Young bandicoots become independent at about four months and are sexual mature at about five months.
Farmers historically belong to two basic types of organizations.
Wild birds fall into three different groups of feeders.
All human beings come from two cells.
Synchronized swimming is four days a week.
Healthy lungs are an intricate weave of more than three hundred million tiny air sacs.
Female cats come into heat cycles every three to four weeks during certain times of the year.
Deletion mutations involve more than two base pairs.
Organisms carry two alleles for every trait.
Natural selenium contains six stable isotopes.
All earwigs have three body parts , head , thorax , and abdomen .
Infection can cause a range of illnesses, from no symptoms to fatal disease.
Most people have no symptoms for a long time.
Sexual maturity is attained at the age of six years.
Most lunar months have two or three names.
Starfishes can have at maximum twelve arms and on average five arms in total.
Cougars eat about one deer every one to two weeks.
Water is stored in tanks and comes from two bores.
Hydrothermal vents remain active for a limited amount of time, perhaps ten to fifty years.
Centipedes can measure from one to six inches in length.
Caterpillars have two types of legs which perform different functions.
Some cultures distinguish five genders.
Labor strikes are a zero sum game.
Today there are three major organizations looking after and influencing playground safety.
Suicide ranks among the top three causes of death in adolescents and teens.
Rabbits have four incisors in the upper jaw where rodents have only two.
Most spider beetles have two or three generations per year.
Pigs spawn in groups of either three or four.
Humans are bipedal, which means they walk on two legs.
Tigers can see in the dark six times better than humans can.
People marry young in Yemen, females as teenagers, and have an average of seven children.
Fire extinguishers have seven parts.
Urban families have one or two children.
Animals develop either two or three embryonic germs layers .
Genetic disease knows no boundaries by age, sex, race, or country of origin.
Most affected piglets are only one to three days of age.
Superficial burns heal spontaneously within the first two weeks.
Gestation lasts eight months, with the birth of a single calf.
Hammer toes affect the four lesser toes usually and can also be hereditary.
Breakthrough drugs are by definition rare, ranging from one to three per year worldwide.
White feathers have no spots under the skin when plucked.
Dreams are the wanderings of the spirit though all nine heavens and all nine earths.
Most dens are oval shape, six to nine feet long and about six feet in height and width.
Parliamentary elections are held at least every four years.
Polymers are the large macromolecules composed of three to millions of monomer subunits.
American women are four times more likely to die from breast cancer than Japanese women.
Drumsticks come in two different styles.
Most babies start teething at six months.
Some vaccinations can take up to six months to vaccinate.
Ethics Know the four models of ethical decision-making and how they help guide ethical decisions.
Boys are three times more likely to sustain a school-related injury than girls.
Harpists spend ninety percent of their lives tuning their harps and ten percent playing out of tune.
Humans bury their dead, no animals do.
Pollination is accomplished only by insect-agency, and where insects fail no fruits are ripened.
Chloroplasts are larger than mitochondria, and are surrounded by three specialized membranes.
Violets usually have five sepals at the base and have five petals.
Insomnia can be short-lived, lasting only one to two nights.
Corn can produce a new leaf every three days during optimal growth.
Uncontrolled diabetes can increase risk by up to four times.
Striped mullet are able to reproduce at about three years of age.
Ruffed lemurs are unique among primates because they can give birth to up to five young.
Most individuals regain consciousness within two to four hours.
Pecans can last up to six months in their shells if refrigerated.
Meteorites fall into three main categories - iron, stone, and stony iron.
Hydronic heating has three advantages over other types of heating systems.
Speciation occurs when two populations become reproductively isolated.
Humans have five distinct polyoma viruses and multiple genital papilloma virus types.
Most people have about four quarts of marrow in their bodies.
Women generally work about eight hours a week less than men.
Scientists believe there are only four classes of such protease enzymes.
Biological rhythms are of two general types.
Sea cucumbers have between ten and thirty such tentacles , depending on the species .
Oxygenic photosynthesis uses two systems for capturing photons.
Spiritual growth is shown to be no less than the force of evolution working through the human mind.
Resident lionfish occupy two separate coral heads.
Female bats suckle their young with milk and weaning usually occurs at the age of four to six weeks.
Dark lines form where two individual lichens meet.
Most children begin to stay dry at night around three years of age.
Women are three times more likely to have migraine headaches than men.
Tea is manufactured in three basic forms.
Aridity is controlled by three climatic anomalies.
Diabetic women are three times more likely to develop heart disease compared to non-diabetic women.
Hippos have four toes.
Cactus wrens Two species squabble over territory.
Sponges fall into three main groups according to how their bodies are organized.
Snails have two pairs of tentacles.
Some cultures equate the two taboos.
Nest building takes place in water up to ten feet in depth.
Smoking is responsible for one in five deaths in the United States.
Some men have no photographs of themselves as children.
Young toucans open their eyes after they are three weeks old.
Mires can form in two general ways.
Inversions have the classic double loop at meiosis, and have no crossovers when heterozygotes.
Vegans eat no foods which come from animals.
Mercury fillings are illegal in three European countries.
Biennial weeds require two years to complete their life cycle.
Dandelions reproduce in two ways.
Sounds waves travel about six inches in that amount of time.
Cats can also suffer from three serious diseases of the eye, all of which can progress to blindness.
Dualism holds that there are two fundamental substances.
Tadpoles use shallow waters near shore for at least six months while completing development.
Stroke is the nation's number three killer and the leading cause of adult long-term disability.
Flowers are like the four letter L word.
Most indoor gyms space their protection bolts often less than five feet apart.
Full immunity occurs about four weeks after injection and lasts for about five months.
Artificial turf causes up to three times as many non-contact injuries as grass.
Adult birds moult at least once a year, although many moult twice and a few three times each year.
Grasshoppers have two claws at the end of each leg.
Black bears have five toes, with claws, on the feet.
Women spend three quarters of reproductive lifetime trying to avoid unplanned pregnancy.
Every infinity is composed of only two halves.
Cancer can start in any of the four sections or where the colon ends in the rectum.
Striped bass have two separate patches.
Bilinear interpolation is used for interpolation between the four values.
Spiders usually have a round or oblong body and eight legs.
Factor sets can have more than three numbers.
Efts leave the water and live on land for one to three years.
Bicycles are a healthy alternative to vehicles, and produce no emissions in their use.
Life is change - most of the cells in our body are replaced, at the most, each seven years.
Mollusks have three body regions.
Spiders have two segments and flies have three segments.
Some people have no symptoms and never even feel sick.
Living cells have at least three parts.
Birds of prey have four toes on each foot.
Salvinia plants are floating ferns, there are only ten species in the world.
Willow flycatchers have a lifespan of three to four years.
Weasels reaching five to six years are regarded as fully mature.
All eukaryotic cells have a complex three dimensional organization.
Nervous system consists of two main divisions.
Hyacinths have a wingspan reaching nearly four feet.
Atherosclerosis shows no symptoms until a complication occurs.
Lizards are four legged animals with a long tail.
Lizards differ from snakes in that they have four feet and can move quite quickly.
Clouded leopards can see about six times better than humans can in the dark.
All insects have to have six legs.
People have two kidneys.
Recent research suggests that, on average, wild females give birth only every eight years.
Democrats control the governorship and state legislature in all of seven states.
Implantation usually occurs about six days after fertilization.
Octopuses have a relatively short life span, and some species live for as little as six months.
Carbon needs to share four electrons, in effect it has four slots.
Beetles have bodies with two segments.
Marmosets typically give birth to twins every six months.
All animals survive and respond to the environment in seven different ways.
Cigars have four times as much nicotine as cigarettes.
Ozone is formed of three atoms of oxygen.
Reverse osmosis uses three to ten gallons of water to produce one gallon of drinking water.
Spacecraft starting from the surface of Earth has a zero initial speed .
Heart failure affects about five million people in the United States.
Echidnas are weaned at about seven months.
Megaliths can range in size from two feet to twenty.
Physical hunger is a physiological process that occurs every three to four hours.
Idiopathic scoliosis is broken down into four categories based on age.
Scientists divide the mosses into eight groups .
Sweet corn accounts for about five per cent of total corn production in Ontario.
Abdominoplasty usually takes three or four hours, depending on the extent of work required.
Some people experience no problems through menopause while others experience discomfort.
Material culture is the realm of three dimensional objects that make up our everyday environment.
Polarization can also help separate the three types of fluctuations.
Solar panels charge up the battery in about six hours.
Joint Tenants are two or more individuals owning interment rights.
Vrusk hands are circular pads with five fingers spaced evenly around the edge.
Carbon has six protons and six electrons.
Sodium chloride is used for three reasons.
Elephants sleep about approximately four hours a night.
Many mystical traditions say that there are always three forces at work in any worldly phenomenon.
Dicots have two seed leaves inside the seed coat.
Female fish produce an average of five to six hundred thousand eggs.
Young larvae molt or shed their skins three times, increasing in size at each molt.
Fire occurs any time four elements are present - fuel, heat, oxygen and the chemical chain reaction.
Seeds are easy to germinate and produce plants that flower in three years.
Hogs have four continually growing tusks, two in each jaw.
Autism is four times more prevalent in boys than girls.
Turkish citizens can enter Bosnia and stay up to three months without a visa.
All animals have offspring, usually with two parents involved.
Wombats have four incisor teeth that continue to grow throughout their lives.
Veterinarians use two primary methods to fight fleas and ticks.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytoplasm and produces two pyruvic acid.
Globule is surrounded by shield cells which are eight in number.
Water is composed of two gins.
Saddle sores are a common problem after spending six and seven hours in the sweat and heat.
Friction is divided into two categories, static and kinetic.
Women are three times more likely than men to be affected.
Children can begin at around eight years of age.
Females usually have one child every six years.
Thoughts move about four times as fast as speech.
House wrens raise two broods per summer.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found in two places.
Spinner dolphins are six to seven feet long and have a three part color pattern on their bodies.
Most songbirds incubate their eggs for about two weeks.
Proximate acts have two characteristics.
Some women have no periods at all, which makes it hard to tell if pregnancy has occurred.
Good people practice every religion some have no religious affiliation nor belief.
Cleavage is distinct in two directions.
Most children have four to eight viral upper respiratory infections each year.
Men have five distinctive signs of faith seen in style of dress and personal appearance.
Tobacco kills four million people annually.
Sexual reproduction involves two parents, one male and one female.
Most species travel in flocks of about five to forty.
Most babies outgrow colic by the time they are three or four months old.
Corrosion inhibitors do two things.
Carbon forms four bonds.
Red squirrels can have two litters a year.
Most insects have wings and two antennas on their heads.
Pelicans use two different ways to feed.
Jaguars are born blind, and they take three months to be weaned.
Figure skating is open to kids beginning at three years of age and moving through various levels.
Tornadoes have three destructive effects.
Rice is eaten three times a day by perhaps more than half the world's population.
Heatstroke occurs in two forms, exertional and classic.
Many soils have two or more distinct layers or horizons.
Diabetes has two major subsets.
Parallel transfer is the simultaneous transmission of the eight bit-voltages that constitute a byte.
Koalas have one baby about every two ears.
Quaternions have three imaginary axes, which creates the factor of three.
Larval tunicates are free swimmers and possess all four chordate characteristics.
Colour photos use three layers of silver salts, sensitive to red, blue or green light.
Statistics show the average person catches a cold six times a year.
Incomplete metamorphosis takes place with nymphs hatching in about four months.
Protein synthesis occurs in four generally recognized stages.
Rocks are of two kinds, igneous and sedimentary.
Lead exposure can affect everyone, but it is especially dangerous for children aged six and younger.
Syphilis proceeds in three stages, with each stage separated by a period of latency.
Diarrhea refers to the passage of loose or watery stools three or more times a day.
Mires come in two general types, minerotrophic and ombrotrophic.
More divorces occur within the first five years of marriage than at any other period.
Small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks .
Birds usually feed in four types of areas - ground, tabletop, hanging and tree trunk.
Color space is how color is represented in three dimensions.
Biology is a survey of the diversity of life, including all six King doms, viruses and prions.
Bone disease is a major problem for men too, and osteoporosis affects six million men.
Anger is the result of two main factors.
Winter buds are small and imbricate with three outer scales.
Ants have five noses.
Platelets are very delicate, enable cuts to heal and only last for five days.
Chives grow like small onions with leaves about six inches tall.
Wild boars live for about ten years, but can reaches ages of up to thirty years.
Corms are undifferentiated, uniform, and contain no rings when cut apart.
Knee arthroscopy is used basically in three ways.
Anemone consists of two vents that often play independently.
Salt is made of two different atoms.
Floppy disks come in two sizes.
Most scotch whiskey has about four times more congeners than does gin.
Humans are bipeds who stand between five to six feet in height when fully grown.
Fuel is contained in five pressurized fuel cells.
Butterflies have four wings.
Blood pressure is really two measurements, systolic and diastolic.
Kittens reach independence between seven and ten months of age.
Calipers are two piston units all around.
Sage grouse are North America's largest grouse, with adult males weighing up to eight pounds.
Medications fall into four risk categories when considering damage to a developing fetus.
Most people require at least seven to eight hours of sleep per night.
Accountants There are three kinds of accountants.
Humans have two spirits and a body.
Snowflakes are crystals that have many different shapes, but each snowflake has six points on it.
Cassowaries are capable of breeding when they are three years old.
Lip prints are identified in six different ways based on the wrinkles and grooves on the lip.
Some growers use a rope with three knots whenever a tree needs to be placed.
Women deserve to have more than twelve years between the ages of twenty eight and forty.
Blacks are six times more likely than whites to develop glaucoma.
Most crustaceans have five pairs of limbs.
Domestic violence affects at least one out of every four American families.
Acquired immunity is of two types, active and passive.
Bone comes in two types, spongy and cortical or tube-like.
States are organized like the federal government, with three branches of government.
Spiders have two body segments, the abdomen and the cephalothorax.
Unaltered animals are three times more likely to bite.
Most Latin verbs have four principal parts .
Milk has zero fiber.
Tetrads come in seven shapes.
Yaks reach full growth at six to eight years of age.
Arboviral infections can manifest as three types of illnesses in humans.
Free trade means no barriers to imports or exports between nations.
Most school aged children pass at least three stools per week, with an average of one stool per day.
Teenagers develop colds about as often as adults do-two to four times a year.
Most animals have two copies of each chromosome.
Hoof balance is four dimensional geometry.
Pinnipeds have four flippers - one pair in front, and one pair in back.
Large squares are the size of four sides of a small block.
Young otters begin playing at four weeks of age and learn to swim at about seven weeks of age.
All insects have six legs, but other than that they are extremely variable.
Triaxial fabric is woven with three sets of yarn whose intersections form equilateral triangles.
White men are almost five times more likely to develop cancer of the testicles than are black men.
Litters contain from one to four kittens, and tend to be much larger when prey is abundant.
Young children grow in important ways during their first five years.
Diffusion occurs between the capillaries of the two blood supplies.
Stable oxygen has eight protons and eight neutrons.
Dicots are plants that produce seeds containing two embryonic leaves.
Females can store sperm and produce fertilized eggs up to four years after mating.
Primary succession is succession in an area where no previous organisms existed.
Platinum is electroplated from two different electrolytes.
Polygenic traits are controlled by two or more genes.
Most veterinarians recommend neutering at around six months of age.
Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors.
Utility theory expresses the decision makers' preferences on a scale from zero to one.
Females only reproduce every second year and give birth to an average of six live young.
Articulated skeletons serve two functions.
Children spend an average of five years in a single parent household.
Fats originate from two main sources, animals and plants.
Natural tantalum contains two isotopes.
Some verbs have two stems in the subjunctive.
Binary compounds are composed of two elements only.
Widowed men are four times as likely to be murdered.
Television has two dimensions to work with, sight and sound.
Japan is made up of four main islands in the Pacific Ocean.
Most amphibians contain three eye lids.
Spiders have eight legs, insects have only six.
Summer is a time for breaking the customs or habits of the other three seasons of the year.
Antibiotic therapy involves two phases.
Abortion ordinarily differs from infanticide in two respects.
Primitive insects have two sets of wings.
Unsafe acts cause four times as many accidents as unsafe conditions.
Sheep are ten times more susceptible to copper toxicity than cattle.
Some traits require simultaneous mutations in two or more genes.
Pupae are present about ten days before a new generation of adults begins to emerge.
Springtails have only four or five segments in their abdomen, fewer than any other insect.
Women begin to have heart attacks about ten years later than men.
Japan consumes almost as much paper as China, a country with nearly ten times as many people.
Seedlings can reproduce from buds after four days emergence.
Light can go around the earth three times in one second.
Guinea is divided into eight administrative regions and subdivided into thirty-three prefectures .
Most banks offer checking accounts that have no limits on the number of withdrawals each month.
Nuclear energy comes in two forms, fission and fusion.
Neonatal deaths refer to deaths in the first four weeks of life.
World population continues to rise, even as a few countries move toward zero growth.
Psychoanalysis is an intensive form of psychotherapy that meets four to five times a week.
Sirenians are solitary, travel in pairs, or associate in groups of three to about six individuals.
Oregano grows to be about eight inches tall, which is why it makes a great border in gardens.
Merlin is about five and one half inches long.
Hamstrings are a group of four muscles at the back of the thigh that attach to the hip and the knee.
Genes come in two copies per individual.
Ants have six legs, and each leg has three joints.
Moths are most active during the first three to five hours of darkness.
Ungulates are hoofed mammals from two orders, artiodactyla and perissodactyla.
Cnidarians are essentially bags made of two cell layers.
Lameness can range from the barely perceptible to a horse hobbling along on three legs.
Sea stars have five arms, or rays, connected to a small round body.
Scientists analyze bear hair follicles using six markers to determine species, sex, and individuals.
Teenage boys are three times more likely to become regular drug users than girls.
Sierra County has two different regions.
Most people breathe so poorly that they average between ten and thirty breaths a minute.
Iron deficiency is uncommon in breastfed babies during the first six months of life.
Older men commit suicide four to six times the rate worldwide as do women, but there are anomalies.
Most people buy a new car every three to ten years depending on their income and needs.
Euglenoids also have two flagella.
Microscopes have two general purposes.
Steroids are characterized by four interlocking carbohydrate rings.
Batteries consist of two electrodes immersed in an electrolyte.
Tarantulas molt as many as nine times in some species.
Kiloliters are four orders to the left of deciliters.
Psycholinguists consider language to have three major components.
Flash floods occur within six hours of the beginning of heavy rainfall.
Dioxins have two phenyl rings connected by two oxygen atoms.
Indoor cats can live up to seven times longer than an outdoor cat.
Homeostasis is two people of the same sex living together.
Chronic insomnia occurs on most nights for at least three weeks.
Mitotic activity is usually minimal and there is no necrosis or vascular invasion.
Many satellites orbit each of the four giant planets.
Lions reach full maturity at around six years of age.
Educational psychology addresses the topic of learning by studying three aspects of learning.
Varicoceles recur in about ten to fifteen percent of balloon repairs.
Turkeys are inseminated three times over the course of several weeks.
Arctiid moths deal with echolocating bats in two ways.
Most children have a full set of twenty primary teeth by the time they re three years old.
Breastfed babies tend to grow faster than formula-fed babies in the first four months of life.
Bacteria vary widely in size and shape , but in general are at least ten times larger than viruses .
Slugs have four noses.
Caterpillars grow rapidly and typically complete their larval development in seven to eight weeks.
Alligators are about nine inches long when they hatch.
Robot arms are of two types.
Malaria is caused by four protozoan parasite species in the genus Plasmodium.
Some infected people have mild diarrhea or no symptoms at all.
Natural uranium is a mixture of three isotopes, or atomic strains, of the element.
Kittens begin to play when they are about four weeks old.
Most transsexuals report being aware of their condition from the age of four to seven.
Bull sharks are a 'requiem' species, reaching up to ten feet in length.
Today there are three non-Euclidean geometries of particular interest to students of mathematics.
Spikelets usually contain two kernels.
Meiosis takes place and four nuclei are formed.
Many authors believe that minerals have one chakra, while animals have three or four.
Perennials are plants that live more than two seasons.
Tree swallows are large enough to be banded nine days after hatching.
Girls are seven times more likely to be depressed and twice as likely to attempt suicide.
Ozone consists of three oxygen atoms joined together into a single molecule of ozone.
Anthrax is an occupational hazard in the three mainland countries.
Information literacy is crucial in all three types of learning situations.
Eagles are typically eight to thirteen pounds.
Activated carbon is used every three weeks for a period of a few days and is then removed.
Ospreys use up to five different calls to communicate with each other.
Animals fall into three categories based on their diet.
Magnets have two poles, north and south.
Retirement pay is based on the average of the highest three years of pay.
Libertarianism provides no basis for patriotism.
Thunderstorms average two days per year.
Scatter plots display data points in one or two dimensions.
Spiders have eight legs.
Bilbies become mature at six months of age when they are old enough to forage for themselves.
Minorities comprise only five percent of the population.
Most people have no problems with nasal prongs.
Beer is always safe to drink, as no pathogens can grow in it.
Most jet airplanes have two, three or four engines, depending on aircraft size.
Lambs take three months to recover from even mild cases of lupinosis.
Rams can be policerate, often producing four horns.
City ordinances limit the number of domestic animals to four per household.
Arachnids have four pairs of walking legs.
Most children recover completely in two to three months.
Most ceramics are made up of two or more elements.
Mechanical digestion occurs as three strong layers of muscle contract to produce a churning motion.
Roots have three main parts the cortex the vascular cylinder and the epidermis.
Credit cards illustrate the two faces of fast, financial fixes.
Decision analysis is an iterative process that consists of four basic steps.
Crustaceans have complicated life cycles sometimes involving four separate metamorphoses.
Hair grows about six inches per year.
Mothers usually give birth to one, two, or three babies at a time.
Many people spend eight or more hours a day working for someone else.
Opossums are sexually mature at six to eight months.
Bears have only about six months to build up fat reserves for their long winter hibernation.
Females have two sets of X-linked genes.
Overpopulation is a myth that has no basis of truth.
Magnets have two poles.
Plagiarism is defined as the verbatim use of four or more words from an unreferenced source.
Every human being carries six to eight abnormal recessive genes.
Complete dementia occurs within six months.
Turbinates sit in three pairs in the nasal cavity.
Adolescent suicide is approximately three times higher than the national average.
Basket stars ore similar to brittle stars, but basket stars hove the five arms much branched.
Prayer is the communion of two hearts.
Centipedes undergo an incomplete metamorphosis , with three life stages.
Natural palladium contains six stable isotopes.
Smoking is responsible for more than one out of every five deaths in the United States.
Pill bugs have two sets of antennae.
Hundredths have two digits after the decimal point.
Eagles successfully rear one or two nestlings each season.
Earth is believed to be almost five billion years old.
Most species have four fingers on the front limbs and five toes on the hind.
Bulls reach the peak of their mating ability around the age of six to seven years.
Orangutans have an arm spread of about five feet.
Vaccines come in two different forms, live and inactive.
Process color is used to reproduce color photographs or pages using more than four different colors.
Most children have a vocabulary of eight to ten words, including names, by eighteen months of age.
Orangutans are the most at risk of the world's six species of apes.
Octopuses have no shells but the most advanced mollusc.
Glycolysis is a ten-step pathway, involving ten enzymes.
Most intestinal worms take three to four weeks for maturation from their larval stages into adults.
Gray squirrels have two litters a year.
Centre of mass is where the two lines cross.
Porpoises differ from dolphins, they are a group of six distinct and smaller species.
Seals are large aquatic mammals distinguished by having all four legs fully adapted into flippers.
Some women do bleed for up to six weeks following a miscarriage.
Some parasites have two hosts in their life cycle.
Inhibition has three functions which are all directed at the contents of working memory.
Asbestos is the name applied to six naturally occurring minerals that are mined from the earth.
Human eye are only about five times sharper than a jumping spider's.
Female athletes can strengthen hamstrings by jumping rope for a few minutes three times a week.
Hydrides react with water, so there are no hydrides found in nature.
Coral larvae are formed in two different ways.
Some animals make normal pigments in parts of their bodies and no pigments in others.
Research confirms that infants begin learning language during the first six months of life.
Gestation only lasts about three weeks, and newborns are small and weak.
Mature trees give shelter with three natural swimming holes safe for the young.
Oleander contains two major cardiac glycosides, oleandroside and nerioside.
Ants display two rather distinct patterns of nest establishment.
Individual monerans are single cells with no nucleus or internal organelles.
Ultraviolet radiation comes from sunlight, which contains three forms of radiation.
Piglets are born with stripes, which disappear in the first six months.
Constructivism exists across all four spheres and in all settings.
Cats have nine lives.
Conversations overlap, especially when more than three people try to talk in one room.
Women are about four times more likely to develop osteoporosis than men.
Most salamanders have only four front toes but five rear toes.
Nymphs require five to six weeks to mature into adults.
Prostate cancer is categorized in four stages.
Kieffer pears require two to three weeks to ripen.
Term loans are bank loans generally made for periods from one to five years.
Plants typically take two to three years to fully mature.
Christian sanctification is used in three ways.
Skin varies in texture, structure and thickness and is made up of three components.
Gestation is approximately one year, and calves are suckled for nine months to twelve months.
Penguins have four seasons in their year, as follows.
Television is government controlled and it broadcasts six hours a day.
Presta valves are the skinnier of the two valve types.
Osteoporosis has no symptoms and it progresses slowly.
Most big cats can pull with five times as much force as the same weight of human athletes.
Water is present in all three phases in Earth s atmosphere.
Meiosis yields four haploid nuclei.
Most portable extinguishers discharge completely in as few as eight seconds.
Most scientists currently recognize seven living species of sea turtles grouped into six genera.
Mature females bear two or even three calves a year.
Black women are three times more likely than white women to develop lupus.
Wolves communicate in three ways.
True intimacy is achieved when two people share.
Muscle contains almost three times more water than fat.
Trees can reduce temperatures by as much as nine degrees Fahrenheit.
Odors elicit three different oscillations in the turtle olfactory bulb.
Most paleontologists speak of five major episodes that occurred millions of years ago.
Professional chefs use two tools to keep knives sharp.
Guitars typically have six strings.
Birds reach sexual maturity in three to five years.
Lupus strikes nine women to every man, and can be very difficult to diagnose.
Today there are more than eight million known chemicals.
Diarrhea is considered having more than three bowel movements a day that tend to be loose.
Gases are perhaps the best understood of the three states of matter.
Keystone species support the stability of the ecosystem mainly in three ways.
Pyridine is aromatic with six pi electrons in a cyclic, conjugated pi-orbital system.
Drug eruptions can occur up to four weeks after exposure to a drug usually an antibiotic.
Malignant pulses are of three types.
Men feel five degrees warmer than women at the same room temperature.
Animals exhibit two patterns for bringing sperm and eggs together.
Rain falls at three different speeds.
Many people meditate who have no religious affiliation or particular spiritual path.
Corrective lenses address two kinds of vision problems.
Young flamingos leave the nest after five days and form groups.
Some people have no signs or symptoms at all.
All orchids have two names.
Disability is seven times more likely than death to occur during a career.
Koalas move with an awkward gait, on all four legs, and can also run.
Ozone is approximately ten times more soluble in water than oxygen.
Heat badly stresses trees in two main ways.
Hexadecimal codes are combinations of six numbers and letters that identify a specific color.
Progeria occurs in two forms.
Fire requires three components, fuel, ignition and oxygen.
Hard disks are an addiction no less than heroin.
Blood pressure measures two numbers.
Graphics fall into two categories, raster and vector.
Plants can grow from one and a half feet tall to over eight feet in height.
Commercial standards require that urchins be at least ten percent roe by weight.
Domestic violence affects at least one out of four American families.
Stems are of two types, flowering and vegetative.
Children can have three different forms of attachment to their mother.
Most children get about six to ten colds per year.
Alcohol alone is involved in seven times more violent crimes than all illegal substances combined.
Elephants go through six sets of teeth in a lifetime.
Skunks CAN go into heat as early as nine months of age.
Spiders produce up to seven different types of silk, each with distinct mechanical properties.
Bifocal lenses have two distinct segments with different powers.
Some children walk when they are seven months old.
Some people produce two, three or four times the normal amount of insulin.
Biennials take two years to complete their life cycle.
Stags are prized for trophy hunts as their impressive antlers can have up to eight tines.
Most affected infants survive the neonatal period, but succumb by the age of three years.
Gene symbols consist of three lowercase letters.
Economic equilibrium occurs where the two lines intersect.
Canids only have four toes.
Bowheads also boast two blowholes, as do all baleen whales.
Frogs require from four to eight years to reach maturity.
Roots provide two important functions for the plant.
Smokers can lower their risk by stopping three weeks before surgery and three weeks after.
Whole crabs are approximately ten centimeters across.
Crawlers are minute, orange-yellow and oval, with six legs and one pair of antennae.
Distance Refers to the relative positions of two opposing fencers.
Chlorine has a shelf life of six months, so be sure to use fresh bleach.
Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age.
Suicides account for more that four out of five firearm deaths.
Fleas are small wingless insects averaging two to four millimeters.
Influenza vaccine contains three different inactivated influenza virus strains.
Ticks have eight legs.
China has eight regional languages that are mutually unintelligible, and many true dialects.
Permanent teeth emerge at about three to four months of age.
Ammonia is among the five most abundantly produced chemicals in the world.
Most babies peak at about six weeks of age, and then get better.
Some people have three or four careers during their lives.
Younger children can produce as much as eight times more saliva than adults.
Muskrats have long teeth, two upper and two lowers.
Every cell has two long flagella.
Most marine sediments are of two basic types.
Cash equivalents represent short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less.
Pods contain less than ten animals, mainly females with calves and sexually immature males.
Malignant cases have three characteristic stages of infection, remission and intoxication.
Kittens have baby teeth which are replaced by permanent fangs at around seven months of age.
Chitons are primitive mollusks with eight shells held together by a fleshy girdle.
Safe Heating Keep anything that can burn at least three feet away from heaters.
Cows can detect odours up to five miles away.
Carbon has two stable, naturally occurring isotopes .
Corn has three adaptations.
Most elements have two or more isotopes.
Most countries impose no restrictions on the use of encryption by their citizens.
Crabs are crustaceans with five pairs of legs.
Religion is also a two edged sword.
Pecans also require at least two varieties to insure cross-pollination.
All children normally wake up four or five times each night after dreams.
Amniote skulls in lateral view showing the four main types of fenestration.
Triple bonds are three lines.
Allosteric regulation affects the two pathways in individual cells.
Some parents get concerned that their child is spending three hours a night on the Internet.
Some people say that one dose of poison can kill ten full grown men.
Eagles have between one and three eggs per year .
Most growers disk in two directions.
Color blindness is fairly common, affecting about nine percent of all humans.
Democracy is three wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for lunch.
Males can reproduce each year, and females reproduce on average only once every four years.
Onion thrips have six to ten generations depending on temperature.
Bond angles The bond angle defined by three atoms is calculated.
Chimps have long childhoods and are dependent on their mother's care for five years.
Some bacteria contain an enzyme consisting of two identical subunits.
Cats can become pregnant at five months of age.
Saturated bonds are when each of the carbons has four single bonds as in the top figure.
Sexual maturity is reached between the ages of eight and thirteen.
Corals only grow by two centimetres a year.
Physicians have classified diabetes into four types.
Harassment exists when unwelcome verbal or physical contact affects employment in any of three ways.
Most estimates place the Earth's long-term capacity at four to sixteen billion.
Cartesian Coordinates can define a point in space, that is, in three dimensions.
Electricity is produced in three major ways.
Neutrinos come in three varieties, called the electron, muon and tau-type neutrinos.
Radiologists train three to four years to improve their perception.
Elephants have four other teeth called molars.
Atherosclerosis can cause two kinds of blockages.
Choirs usually sing in several parts , most often in four parts .
Paradox is a situation where two opposites seem to coexist.
Some infected babies die in early infancy, but some have no obvious symptoms when they are born.
Hybrid bluegill grow up to three times faster than bluegill.
Optometrists spend four years in a school of optometry.
Women are three times more likely than men to be victims of rheumatoid arthritis.
Light drives the interconversion of two forms of phytochroms.
Marine fisheries cause changes at three levels of organization of biodiversity.
Liturgical ministry is a commitment to minister at one Mass every three weeks.
Carbon atoms form four bonds.
Intracranial pressure is measured in two ways.
Organisms use three different classes of redox centers in enzymes.
Postzygotic isolation exists between the two frog species.
Flamingos belong to the genus phoenicopterus, and there are six different species of flamingos.
Counterpoint is the simultaneous combination of two or more melodies.
Elephants get six sets of teeth over their lifetime.
Osteoporosis is a disease that hits women three times as frequently as men.
Male robins are well known for dive-bombing people and predators within ten feet of a nest.
Men are at least four times more likely to die from suicide in the U.S. than women.
Parrots have the intelligence of a five year old, but the emotions of a three year old.
Milk teeth appear after two weeks.
Acute colitis occurs most commonly in dogs and frequently responds to one to three weeks of therapy.
Xenon has eight valence electrons.
Natural oxygen is a mixture of three isotopes.
Squirrels claim an area, usually one to seven acres in size.
Acute hepatitis can last from two weeks to several months.
Chough chicks at around ten days old.
Most people have ten fingers and ten toes .
Gastrulation produces a gastrula that develops three embryonic germ layers.
Terminators are of two types.
Many people can breathe in pollen, dust, and pet dander with no signs of allergies.
Electricity produces two types of fields.
Pipits are ground nesters, laying up to six speckled eggs.
Martens produce one litter per year, with an average of slightly less than three young per female.
Gerbils get reproductive when they reach sexual maturity at the age of three months.
Many trees die in their first eight years of life.
Water is stored in the atmosphere in all three states of matter.
Man is a spiritual being revolving in seven different planes.
Woman are subservient to men and have almost no rights in many countries.
Bengal tigers rely on two basic hunting techniques.
Animal related deaths continue to rise, accounting for eight deaths last year.
Healthy foals grow quickly and can put on up to three pounds or over a kilo a day.
Ovarian tumors have four stages.
Amoebas reproduce themselves by dividing into two equal parts.
Colonoscopy is paid for every two years for high-risk patients.
Black adults have three to five times greater incidence of bacteremia, compared with white adults.
Trees are a ten year crop.
Snakes reproduce in two different ways.
Dispassion is a two edged sword.
Corals are two fold.
Some growers say never to divide with less than four pseudobulbs because it can inhibit flowering.
Milk has nine essential nutrients for active bodies.
Scallops have a sweetish odor with no excess liquid when bought in packages.
Facial features are smooth and very three dimensional.
Fire protection falls into two main categories, prevention and protection.
Water is lost from plants and gardens in two ways.
Newborn apes rely on their mothers for milk and depend on their care for five years.
Maps have three or more bar scales, each in a different unit of measure.
Suicide is five times more common in boys than girls.
Fruit trees are usually safe after three years.
Today there are three living species of peccary.
Male rats reach sexual maturity at three months, females at four months.
Most miscarriages occur within the first eight weeks after the last menstrual period.
Pipes can vibration in three orthogonal directions just like a machine.
Coastal kelp beds, for example, appear to be three times larger than in the past four or five years.
Youth unemployment is three times the adult level.
Perjury is a felony, with a possible sentence of four years in prison.
Most children go through three stages in developing bladder control.
Electric bass is really the bottom four strings of a guitar an octave lower.
Most pregnant women have no problems in their pregnancies or deliveries.
Rice is categorized by size into three broad groups - long, medium or short grain.
Astrophysicists know that eight times as much dark matter exists in the universe.
Spiders have six spigots for spinning silk, and they mix their fluids to regulate the composition.
Cancer affects three out of four families in America today.
World population reaches four billion.
Manatees are an endangered species of ancient water mammals with no enemies except for humans.
Jurassic rocks have no outcrops in the area but they are identified by bore holes.
Tricyclic compounds are substances which contain three carbon rings, probably six membered rings.
Ferrets reach their adult weight by six months of age.
Exports account for one out of five manufacturing jobs in the United States.
Bullfrogs can live up to four years .
Blood is pumped through vessels by five pairs of aortic arches, or hearts.
Lions stand up for their rights, but also have no qualms about squashing others' rights.
Sharks have a total of six senses, five of which are involved in locating food.
Some whales can remain submerged for up to two hours.
Young owls fledge when they are about eight weeks old.
Christians believe there are no throwaways in life.
Volcanoes form in nine different stages.
Silks are susceptible to infection during the first five days after initiation.
Colonies can begin producing new queens within six months of founding.
Giraffes are ruminants and have a stomach with four compartments that digests the leaves they eat.
Water has two characteristics that are particularly important to lakes.
Electrolytic capacitors have a finite lifetime, usually about ten years.
Software usually has an average life of three years.
Antihistamine appears to be of no obvious benefit in preventing acute reactions from antivenoms.
Vitamin E is a fat - soluble vitamin that exists in eight different forms.
Elderly populations are also skewed, with more than four women for each man at some ages.
All proturans have five distinct stages.
Edible fungi occur in two major taxonomic groups.
Caterpillars are grayish with five pairs of blue spots and six pairs of red spots along their back.
Bilingual teachers are more than people who speak two languages.
Blood pythons have only two large pits on each side.
Some houseplants start rooting in three weeks.
Booms are barriers that extend about three feet below the water surface.
Japan is well known for their pottery making and the tradition is over ten thousand years old.
Stingrays are ovoviviparous, bearing live young in 'litters' of five to thirteen.
Male crickets have two extrusions.
Basal cells regenerate the two other cell types.
Calves remain with their mother until they are three years old.
Some looms use two sets of beams.
Most hemangiomas appear within a week or two after birth.
Some programming languages have two or more standards.
Research indicates that women lose the most amount of bone in the first seven years after menopause.
Insects have antennae, three body parts and six legs.
Infant are especially vulnerable in the first four weeks of life.
Dairy cows live for six generations, calve and produce normal milk on a protein-free diet.
Pumpkins are grown on six of the seven continents, excluding Antarctica.
Tumor viruses are of two distinct types.
Smokers are ten times more likely to die from lung cancer than nonsmokers.
Historians claim that Mongol-style wrestling originated some seven thousand years ago.
Flagella consist of three parallel protein fibers intertwined into a triple helical structure.
Evolution is dependent on two forces.
Octagons have eight sides to hold.
Economists define four types of utility that are involved in marketing.
Halitosis knows no boundaries when it comes to age, sex, race, or socioeconomic levels.
Some vaccines take six weeks to become highly effective.
Success is a function of two things.
Cats have five toes on their forefeet and four toes on their hind feet.
Attainment designation refers to the levels of six criteria pollutants in the air.
Buttercups have five to six petals or sepals.
Children jump ten times when the clock strikes twelve to 'grow taller'.
Many infected babies have no symptoms at birth, but symptoms develop weeks or months later.
Cells become specialized, forming the three germ layers found in all vertebrates.
Hermit crabs have two breathing ways.
Addiction is usually about two things, either escape or pleasure.
Salsa works on the basis of Mambo - a pattern of six steps danced over eight counts of music.
Some organic polymers can exhibit strong ceramic qualities, forming bonds in three dimensions.
Reality exists in more than four dimensions and there are many, many different sexes.
Vitreous body comprises four fifths of the globe.
Lobsters smell food or bait by using the four small antennae located on the front of it's head.
Plants can reach a height of two feet.
Anger is expressed in three ways.
Pelycosaurs are a paraphyletic group of six primitive families of synapsids.
Females experience an average life expectancy about six years longer than males.
Digoxin works in two ways.
Ostrichs only have two toes, and one toenail.
All confocal microscopes use laser light to scan biological specimens across three dimensions.
Amphibians are the first true vertebrates with four limbs.
Mature oocyte passes through the two meiotic divisions i.
Most melodic music is built around a basic structure of three chords.
Natural lithium contains two isotopes.
Calves are born after a gestation of nine months.
Autism is three to four times more likely to affect boys than girls.
Skates have three edges inside, outside and center.
Mellow cheese ages four to seven months and has rich, full flavors with soft to semisoft textures.
Secondary colors are two primary colors mixed together.
Rickshaws are three wheeled taxis with metres.
Triangles have three sides.
Many people take two types of insulin.
Cockatiels can live up to fifteen years, but usually only ten to twelve.
Roots grow mostly sideways and can extend up to three times the height of the tree.
Real airplanes have round engines and two wings.
Some people say that a cow has four stomachs.
Excess potassium induces larval metamorphosis in four marine invertebrate species.
Rules are important when two or more people live together.
Cigarette smokers have up to a four times higher incidence of bladder cancer than non-smokers.
Air governs the magick of the four winds, most divination.
Bialys are low in calories, fat and cholesterol and have no preservatives added.
Freshwater stingrays can have up to three venomous spines in their tails.
Snow often lies for three months.
Rioting is a felony publishable by up to five years in prison.
Surface water is classified into five different classes depending on the cleanliness of the water.
Most aquatic life does well in water with oxygen concentrations of nine parts per million.
Breast feeding for six months reduces a woman's risk for breast cancer.
Today there are no animals classified as unicellular.
Diatoms are in two shells and make the water brown.
Amphibians carry no diseases transmissible to humans.
Water weighs about eight pounds per gallon.
Whiteflies cause two types of damage to plants.
Hubs have a heirarchial topology, with a root hub, that can branch three deep in the heirarchy.
Immunization is a series of three injections.
Most Swiss starlings produce four to five eggs in each clutch.
Most soils have five major horizons.
Spring tides happen every two weeks.
Women are twice as likely to suffer from depression, but three times as many men commit suicide.
Serial transfer is the sequential transmission of the eight bit-voltages that constitute a byte.
Ospreys reach sexual maturity between three and five years of age.
Bridge is a partnership game for four people deriving from the much older game of whist.
Women are no less familiar than men with desire, pride, anger, aggression, selfishness and greed.
Local government is based on four administrative districts.
Most abortions are safe and uncomplicated, and most women have no problems physically afterwards.
Handguns have no purposes other than killing people.
Granite is a composite of three minerals, feldspar, quartz and mica.
Triangles list three vertices, squares four, etc.
Lunar eclipses are of two types, total and partial.
Some communities are residential schools for pupils from three to eighteen years of age.
Puffins dig eight feet under ground and then they lay their egg.
Fathers invest in shoes for feet that mature in six weeks.
Many familiar animals have four legs.
Several insects have a four stage life cycle.
Batteries contain hydrogen and oxygen, two flammable and explosive gasses.
Terns have two orthree eggs each year.
Hybrid systems are dynamical systems with two levels of description.
Many tortoises can retract their head, their four limbs and tail into the shell for protection.
Alligators go on four feet.
Fluorescent lights are four to five times more efficient than incandescent bulbs.
Cows have the same gestation period as human women - nine months.
Muskrats are semi-aquatic and prefer locations with four to six feet of water.
Ticks generally live within three feet of the ground.
Quarks There are six quarks that combine to make sub-atomic particles.
Plums generally bloom and fruit in three to five years.
Normal adults appear to require six to eight hours of sleep per day on average.
Bulletproof glass varies in thickness from three-quarters of an inch to three inches.
Most bacteria have one or two circular chromosomes.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every nine American women.
Most preschoolers eat four to five snacks or meals each day.
Men are four times more likely than women to drive after drinking.
Ruthenium is a hard, white metal and has four crystal modifications.
Soul is a four letter word in our tradition.
Turtles engage in three types of activities causing three forms of destruction.
Chameleons have five toes on each foot.
Photons have no mass or charge, but are electromagnetic, as are light, uv, and radio waves.
Synthetic waxes can last six to nine months or longer and typically wipe on and off easily.
People change when two different cultures interact.
Air shipping is a massive energy hog, generating five times the fuel emissions as shipping by truck.
Dolphins can hold their breath for up to ten minutes.
Moons have a bell size of around six to eighteen inches.
Essential tremor affects anywhere from one to five million people in the United States.
Llamas have two types of fiber-guard hair and undercoat hair.
Babies usually start sleeping through the night sometime between eight weeks and six months of age.
Natural herbs have two advantages that surpass pharmaceutical drugs.
Polish laws provide virtually zero tolerance for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Colors are extremely vivid with no signs of over saturation.
Statistics show, however, that men are three times more likely to be lefty than women.
Women are four times as likely as men to get osteoporosis.
Snapdragon flowers are tubes made up of five petals.
Labeling theory calls attention to two kinds of deviance.
Caterpillars shed their skins four or five times as they grow, in a process called molting.
Some babies show NO signs of an ear infection.
Glycolysis is a determined sequence of ten enzyme -catalyzed reactions.
Dogs have four molars in the upper jaw and six in the lower.
Narwhals have just two teeth, both in the upper jaw.
Cubes symbolize the stability of the four elements.
Most species pass through six nymphal stages.
Ticks are small round arachnids with eight legs and can have either a soft or hard body.
Most annual plants require at least ten week from seed germination until bloom.
Inflorescence is a condensed cyme with five to ten flowers and axillary in position.
Wolverines reproduce every two or three years.
Some plants have three or four tunnels per stalk.
Men suicide four times more than women.
Catalytic mechanisms share five characteristics.
Plants vary greatly in size, from knee high to eight feet tall.
Sloth mothers give birth to one baby once a year, after a six month pregnancy.
Humans have five different types of antibodies which are given shorthand names.
Roots can grow deep in six years.
Studies show our brains comprehend speech at four to five times faster than people normally speak.
Sea stars detect light with five purple eyespots at the end of each arm.
Mitosis is a continuous process which has been broken down into five stages.
Today there are other phylum classified as worms, but the three mentioned are the main groups.
Wild chimps spend about seven hours a day looking for food, either up in the trees or on the ground.
G proteins consist of three subunits.
Some species have two broods a year.
Heart has two extreme states at each cardiac cycle.
Spikelets usually contain two kernels.
Rainbows have six different colors.
False negatives occur when no eggs have been shed into the sample presented.
Postal codes are six characters long and are a mixture of three letters and three numbers.
Hyraxes have three toes on their hind feet.
Most spiders have eight eyes, a head, thorax, abdomen and eight legs.
Fluoroscopy has two magnification modes and image capture.
Gerbils usually live for three to four years.
Some steam locomotives utilize three sets of engines.
Nymphs feed for four to five days and then drop from the plant to pupate in the soil.
Most people stay in a nursing home for less than four years.
Turkish vowels are in two classes, front and back.
Cooking is the only artistic medium that appeals to all five senses.
Relationships are the high seas for which no compass has been invented.
Heavy infection can kill up to one in four young calves.
Particle sizes extend from the nanometer range over more than four orders of magnitude.
Twins are a genuine rarity, and only a few births of three or more foals have ever been recorded.
Competition exists when the niches of two species overlap.
Female manatees deliver only one calf every three to five years.
Tin has two allotropic forms.
Covalent bonds arise when two atoms share electrons .
Snakeheads can breathe air and can survive out of water for up to four days.
Vipers reach a length of slightly over two feet.
Agoraphobia is three times more likely to be diagnosed in women than in men.
Guinea pigs come in a variety of colors and can have from one color to five or more.
Men are three times more likely than women to get bladder cancer.
All insects have heads, abdomens, and thoraxes, antennae, six legs, and wings.
Pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day .
Tarantulas have two million hairs per square centimeter.
Golden jackals live eight to nine years in the wild and up to sixteen in captivity.
Today there are three main areas of focus in applied sports psychology .
Young girls keep their hair cut very short until they are about seven years old.
Men are ten times more likely to be canonized than women.
Solutions are homogeneous mixtures of two or more pure substances.
Postural instability is a late symptom typically emerging ten or more years into the disease.
Substance abuse contributes to seven out of ten instances of child abuse and neglect.
Cows have four stomachs.
Masturbation can get really old after six or seven years.
Llamas are ruminants with three stomachs.
Translocations have two genetic consequences.
Injectable testosterone lasts two weeks in most patients.
Most people experience no symptoms at the time infection occurs.
Sweetbreads come in two varieties.
Ostriches have three stomachs.
Butterflies have six segmented legs.
Dust takes place over five days, split into morning, afternoon, and evening.
Homeless children get sick four times as often as children in middle class families.
Every insect has six legs, has six legs, has six legs.
Women are about three times more likely to experience Major Depression than men.
Skin diseases account for more than three million lost work days annually.
Deer come through in packs of three or four late at night.
Territorial groups consist of one supermale or terminal male and one to three females.
Daisy chains consist of three to five or more small artificial squid in various colors.
Nitric oxide serves three main functions in the body.
Most juveniles remain in their natal river from one to six years before migrating to the ocean.
Blends are seed mixtures of two or more pure varieties.
All apes have at least two legs.
Genes contain two distinct kinds of information, structural and regulatory.
Acute pain is sudden pain that goes away quickly, usually lasting for less than three months.
Milk provides calcium as well as eight other nutrients necessary for good health.
Autumn is the time of year with the most fog, with an average of four days a month reported.
Temperature is measure using three different scales.
Male bears take five or six years to mature.
Some women go through the menopause with few or no symptoms at all.
Vehicular homicide is a misdemeanor that carries a maximum possible jail sentence of six months.
Reveries are of two kinds, sinful and religious.
Economists divide resources into four basic categories of land, labor, capital, and management.
Tardigrades can survive more than ten years without water .
Dicots have seeds with two cotyledons.
Giant squid have no gas spaces in their bodies.
Scientists say that there are three different races of orca.
Some women describe their symptoms as feeling about four months pregnant.
Mantids tend to be green or tan, and vary from three to six inches long.
Most foods contain all three types of fat, but in varying amounts.
Perennials live for more than two years.
Drip irrigation comes in two forms.
Oceanographers now understand the oceanic circulation much better than ten years ago.
Fungi combine the advantages of the two reproductive modes.
Dubnium has seven recognized isotopes.
Insects sport six appendages and dominate the species count on our planet.
Sharpness is also a factor of the focus of all three color elements.
Air temperature can fall below zero in the mountain summit area and snowfall is common in winter.
Plants have a long blooming period of six weeks.
Average men have five senses.
Today there are three major systems of naming herbs, including medicinal herbs.
Carbon atoms can form strong links with four other atoms.
Many water bodies have fish with low levels of mercury, and no limitations on consumption.
Children have no noses until puberty.
Earthworms have no means of regulating temperature or water loss.
African elephants have three nails.
Some people try to count to ten when they feel angry.
Lamps have an estimated five million flash cycle life.
Mirror reflection is glide reflection with zero glide, as translation is a special case of rotation.
Humans have two legs to walk.
Idle land refers to land with undisturbed profiles for at least a period of three consecutive years.
Many households rely on two incomes.
Every drug has three names, a chemical name, a brand name, and an official name.
Mites can complete their life cycle in five to eight days depending on temperature.
Junks have from two to three masts or sails.
All fitness has two aspects, diet and exercise.
Seahorses are small fish with a life span of one to five years.
Lantanas bloom in a dense head with individual tubular florets with four or five lobes.
Mustelids have five toes on their feet and their claws can be retracted by some species.
Science is organized into five units in which inquiry and discovery are the focus.
Stitches go through the spine linings around three threads at head and tail.
Grays have equal amounts of all three colors.
Brazil is among the top ten producers of beef.
Illiteracy is seven percent higher among women than men.
Carbon atoms occur in three different masses, or isotopes.
Females give birth, on average, only once every eight years.
Crustaceans have two types of feelers.
Salts are known in the three oxidation states.
Sufferers are the people of the two nations.
Most insects have one or two pairs of wings.
Nymphs emerge within five to seven days.
Flowers have a zero tolerance for pests and pest damage.
Young pandas mature very slowly and are almost six months old before they are weened.
Breast cancer knows no boundaries of races for attacking women with the disease.
Succinylcholine is composed of two molecules of acetylcholine.
Gold plated copper contact pins maximize conductivity with no loss of data.
Electric vehicles have zero tailpipe emissions.
Roses have three leaf buds and can produce three sets of leaves.
Carbon forms two well-known allotropes, graphite and diamond.
Birds begin dying of fowl cholera four to nine days after exposed to the virus.
Physical abuse occurs in approximately one out of every four dating relationships.
Tadpoles transform within three months, becoming mature adults within one year.
Most transformers consist of two coils of insulated wire.
Most children work full-time, seven hours per day, and six days a week.
Most fevers last two to three days.
Wolves can hear as far as six miles away in the forest and ten miles in the open.
Most songbirds have nine or ten secondaries.
Any number divided by itself equals one , except if that number is zero .
American women are four times more likely to die of breast cancer than Japanese women.
Many biologists believe the sandhill has been virtually unchanged for nine million years.
Provincial prisons hold offenders sentenced to less than two years.
Female dugongs give birth underwater to a single calf at three to seven year period of time.
Infinity divided by two is infinity.
Fiddler crabs mate every two weeks in summer.
Children get frequent viral infections during the first five or six years of life.
Mitosis is subdivided into four phases.
Fires are natural, but six million acres is a lot of forest to burn in a single year.
Pelican tracks show four toes, with one pointing behind.
Internet phone uses two computers and an internet connection.
Hot weather lowers reproductive efficiency in two ways.
Some girls bleed as young as nine years old.
Pinnipeds have four flippers - one pair in front, and one pair in back.
Cognitive changes are probably equivalent to about a three to six month delay in progression.
Spatial filters have two functions.
Reproduction is divided into two categories sexual and asexual.
Guinea has no territories or colonies.
Fear is of two kinds.
Leopards can drag three times their own body weight high into the tree tops.
Yeasts have no spores because they are single celled.
Lung fish have four limbs and breathe air.
Blueberries are about three times bigger in size as bilberries and they taste alike.
Medical men divide poisons into two classes, organic and inorganic.
Cowbirds have two types of songs, perched songs and whistles.
Flow is a method of behaving, characterized by little to no conscious calculations.
Counties have three levels of courts.
Paleontologists specialize in five main areas.
Contempt of court is punishable by up to six months in jail.
Most mustards have yellow flowers with four petals.
Newborns can stand five minutes after birth and begin to follow their mother immediately.
Sealants can normally last up to five years and hold up very well under normal chewing.
Trees can withstand extended drought, and up to six months of inundation.
Incubation takes about four weeks, and the owlets fledge after about one month.
Prosthodontists typically train for three years to learn the best ways to restore dental implants.
Most massage therapists use techniques from two or more styles.
Potassium chloride is produced in four major size grades.
Snowshoe hare can have up to four litters a year, with one to nine young per litter.
English peas are about two feet high and blooming.
Most aviators serve seven years after they complete their initial flight training.
Clinical reports show that about one out of ten patients with anorexia or bulimia are men.
Porcupines generally live up to nine years in the wild.
Crops can tolerate a certain amount of disease with no loss of yield or quality.
Milk proteins can cause colic, a digestive upset that bothers one in five infants.
Microsporophylls bear two to eight microsporangia.
Odors elicit three different oscillations in the turtle olfactory bulb .
Raccoons have five toes on their front paws that act much like human hands.
Bacteria are prokaryotic because they have no nucleus or membrane-bound organelles.
Mental illness occurs in one in five families.
All teeth have the same general structure and consist of three layers.
Deciduous forests have four distinct seasons.
Agoraphobia is found to be three times more prevalent in women than in men.
Penguins can jump six feet in the air.
Carbon has two isotopes.
Couples spend two billion dollars a year on infertility treatments.
Gestation is eight to nine months long, after which a single calf is born.
Dialogue is two sides working together toward a common understanding.
Length is phonemic for vowels, and each of the seven phonemes occurs short or long.
Hares hold their young seven to ten days longer.
Hexapods comprise insects and three small orders of insect-like animals with six thoracic legs.
Tioman island has only two kilometers of roads.
Mexican households consist of an average of five or six people.
Postpartum depression affects nearly one in ten new mothers, and in varying degrees of intensity.
Women are five to eight times more likely than men to suffer from a thyroid disorder.
Genes have two main parts.
Females have babies every three to four years.
Cleavage is very poor in two directions.
Tigers can see about six times as well in the dark as a human.
Most women have no problems with fitting and use.
Sleep apnea is defined as a greater than ten second pause in respiration during sleep.
Spotted hyenas reach sexual maturity at the age of three years.
Asian women are three times more likely to attempt suicide than their white counterparts.
Hunger afflicts one out of seven people on Earth.
Some trees stand as tall as two hundred feet tall.
Transitional milk is secreted between about four days and ten days postpartum.
Diarrheal disease kills three million children every year.
Most objects have close to zero net electric charge since they are made of neutral atoms.
Most health professionals recommend approximately eight hours of sleep each night.
Most women take about four weeks to stop bleeding and to heal inside.
Sponges have no nervous system and no specialised sensory cells.
Rosy barbs grow to six inches at most.
Double price is based on two golfers sharing one room.
Scorpions have eight legs.
Ordinary tin is composed of nine stable isotopes.
Water is moved underneath the body by most or all of the eight arms.
Blood pressure results from two forces.
Brain aneurysms occur in ten per cent of people with the disease.
Meat production requires ten times as much land per calorie as grain or beans.
Carbon is unique for two main reasons.
All grays have zero saturation.
Anaerobic bacteria are most active over the weekend when no processes are running.
Black people are five times more likely to be stopped and searched than whites.
Natural silicon contains three isotopes.
Genetic manipulation is of two kinds.
European pianos tend to have two pedals.
Water occurs in three forms in nature.
Apple trees take four to five years to produce their first fruit.
Pigeons can live about five years in the wild.
Antibiotic therapy is usually necessary for up to three weeks to control infection.
Eastern cottontails are ready to mate when they are three months old.
Asters range in height from one to three feet tall.
Prion diseases appear to arise in three ways.
Soybeans are the only vegetable that contain complete protein with all eight amino acids.
High voltage breaks the two atoms of oxygen apart.
Most cats have five toes on each front paw, but only four toes on each back paw.
Fledglings stay with the adults about four weeks.
Female dogs go into heat twice a year, lasting anywhere from three to fifteen days.
Capacitors usually have two legs.
Bullying is most severe in grades seven to nine.
Prairie meadows require no fertilizers or fungicides, and few, if any, herbicides.
Most volcanoes erupt for three to four weeks and then rest.
Spiders are different from insects, spiders have eight legs and insect only have six legs.
Indoor air is three times more polluted than out door air.
Creatine is legal because there has been no serious short term or long term side effects known.
All whales belong wo two main cetacean groups.
Eunuchs have no vas deferens.
Firearms are among the nation's ten leading causes of death.
Chicks add a pound to their body weight every four or five days.
Trees begin to form fruiting buds at around three years of age.
Scotch comes in two varieties, grain and malt .
Hair grows in three cycles.
Herbal medicine is taken three times a day for seven days a week during that time.
People live in squalor with no access to clean water, shelter, or education.
Protein synthesis involves two parts, transcription and translation.
Cyberpunks come in three different genders being hackers, crackers and phreakers.
Acquaintance rape is no less serious a crime than a rape which occurs between strangers.
Men commit suicide three times more frequently than women do.
Jewish women stay five times longer in an abusive marriage than others.
Winters there last six months and are without sunlight.
Diarrhea is an illness that kills three and one-half million children per year.
Larval development is hypermetamorphic, with four distinct phases.
Wind erosion is a threat to soils in all four cropping systems and in pastures.
Women are eight times more likely than men to develop osteoporosis.
Simultaneous infections can occur with two or more tick-borne infections.
Dairy farmers milk their cows twice, sometimes three times a day, every day of the year.
Bears can eat up to seven salmon per hour.
Tin has two forms.
Death occurs by age ten to fifteen years of age.
Free speech is a right shared by two individuals simultaneously.
Manatees reach sexual maturity in two to five years.
Photoelectric cells are of two kinds, vacuum and gas-filled.
Blood pressure is recorded using two numbers.
Cubs begin to be weaned at three months and taught to hunt.
Cnidarians have two basic body forms, medusa and polyp.
Plaice reach maturity typically when they are between four and six years old.
Most Gerbils become sexually mature by the age of three months old.
People are born with two kidneys.
Dogwood trees have two different flower patterns.
Stars are classified into five main luminosity classes.
Adaptation is considered to take place in one biological and three psychosocial modes.
Progesterone is excreted as eight differentfree forms.
Hummingbirds feed every ten to fifteen minutes from sun-up to sundown.
Burrows can be up to four feet deep, and are often found hundreds of feet from the water's edge.
Composite materials combine two or more materials.
Light falls on a three dimensional object and creates a shadow.
Contemplation is the stage in which people intend to change within the next six months.
Rats deprived of all sleep survive only about three weeks.
Some cars have air bags that are six feet long.
Sabers use between one and three jewels to give their beam a specific frequency.
Presidential elections take place every four years.
Vitamins are classified into two groups.
Drugs of abuse have at least two categories of effects.
Human pride is rooted in two kinds of self-deception.
Every earmark consists of a symbol in two positions.
Macular degeneration is classified into two varieties.
Racers refer to three types of oval tracks.
Ants also have the characteristic three part body of an insect.
Some vertebrates can survive freezing, but no vertebrates can survive grinding.
Some rescue dogs show no signs whatsoever of abuse.
Spadefoot toads spend nine months of every year underground.
Heat moves in only three ways, by conduction, convection or radiation.
Young rats become sexually mature at about three months, with most living six months to a year.
All insects have three body sections, the head , thorax , and abdomen.
Composites are mixtures of two or more bonded materials.
Most people believe that there are four kinds of taste - salt, sour, bitter, and sweet.
Trees die within five years of infection.
Primary follicles have two stages.
Falcons have two regions of retina for acute vision.
Women are three-fifths of all poor adults, and one in eight women are poor.
Female aardvarks have a gestation of seven months and give birth to one young at a time.
Southern moles are six to seven inches long and weigh three to four ounces.
Potential energy is divided into three different types of energy.
Cubs stay with their mothers from one and a half to three years.
Lake Superior is the least polluted of the five lakes.
Lithographic crayons come in six different degrees of hardness.
Every great circle has two poles.
Child molesters are four times more likely than other violent criminals to recommit their crime.
Rainfall can lead to mass movement through three different mechanisms.
Caffeine enhances the effectiveness of the other two drugs.
Most males reach sexually maturity by the time they are three or four.
Mitosis occurs in four phases, called prophase, metaphase, anaphase, and telophase.
Chimeras are three headed creatures that shoot fire from all three heads, damaging a wide area.
Cells produce more cells by dividing into two cells.
Most people see the world through four types of visual-receptor cells.
Refraction occurs four times, as the light intersects the vessel s inner and outer surfaces .
Older nymphs have four black spots on the thorax and one on the abdomen.
Some children are allergic to two or more foods.
Boys are four times as likely as girls to commit suicide.
Today there are five billion people in the world.
Some parachutes can take at least two days to pack.
Cemeteries are no places for kids.
Tardigrades can survive more than ten years without water.
Parallel hybrids have two discrete power systems, gas and electric.
Theism forms the basis for all three religions.
Fertilization increases variation because two haploids become a diploid.
Chitons have eight plates covering the dorsal body.
Men can develop the disease, but do so ten to fifteen years later than women.
Color is a property with three sub-elements.
Masturbation tends to peak when children are between the ages of three and five.
Some frogs can live for two years.
Minerals are any substance with all of four specific qualities.
Tarsiers can leap up to seven feet, and when placed on the ground they also hop erect.
High fevers are the most common cause of seizures in children ages six months to four years.
Growth rate is measured as growth occurring in the first five summers of life.
Reproductive maturity occurs at seven to ten years.
Television is so pervasive that many homes have four or more sets.
Pigs have four toes on each hoof.
Some magpies continue begging for food till eight or nine months.
Air falls in an anticyclone so no clouds are formed.
Winters are long and bleak, with just four hours of daylight on some days.
Chess is a game, played by two players.
Autism is a developmental disability that appears within the first three years of a child s life.
Flatworms exhibit two forms of life styles, free-living and parasitic.
Subterranean termites construct four types of tubes or tunnels.
Bears have five toes.
Heat has no mass .
Rodents contaminate ten times more food than they eat.
Interference is the interaction of two or more waves.
Cats have no taboos about mating with siblings or even their offspring.
Small bug has two distinct bands.
Hereditary hair thinning is a normal, common part of life for one out of every four women .
Metals often crystallize in a three dimensional version of the hexagonal closest packed structure.
Hybridization is the practice of two different species interbreeding.
Crossed eyes affects five percent of all children.
Eyes turn because of the function of six eye muscles.
Women gain two years per child they had.
Mares have two follicular waves each cycle.
Striped bass have seven to nine unbroken stripes along each side.
Mechanical stability comes from having fused quartz, in zero gravity, cold.
Humanists encourage critical examination of all ideas and no concepts are regarded as sacred.
Mammals fall into three groups that differ in the way they use the amniotic egg.
Big bluestem grows up to nine feet tall.
People communicate with others in three primary ways-words, numbers or pictures.
Coffee trees reach maturity between three and four years when their clusters of fruit turn deep red.
Asian lions divide themselves into two prides.
Redness persists for an unpredictable length of time, varying from three weeks to four months.
Women are four times as likely to develop the disease.
Most women have slight irregular bleeding between their periods, for the first three months or so.
Bobcats can jump eight feet in the air, or over three times their height.
Urban sprawl reduces farmland at the rate of one acre for each five births.
Sales taxes are seven times as hard on poor people as they are on the rich.
Metamorphosis takes over five months and the froglets come out really small.
Mites prefer adult bees less than four days old.
Fish have a two-chambered heart while mammals and birds have four chambered hearts.
Ticks have six legs during their first stage.
Atrial fibrillation increases a person's stroke risk by six times.
Viroids are known to cause disease in at least six plant groups.
Humans make three major forms of interferon.
Skin cancer affects one in six people in the United States over a lifetime.
Atmosphere is a set of two spheres.
Sapsuckers are a group of four species known for literally drinking the sap of trees.
Animals living in an aquatic environment live in a three dimensional world.
Water is the only substance on earth that exists naturally in three states .
Most healthy teenagers get at least three colds a year.
Rabbits have three different fur types.
Feathers are natural with no dyes used.
Girth adjusts three ways to fit large horses to ponies.
Radiologists miss about one in five breast cancers.
Female dogs come into heat every six months or so.
Women constitute approximately ten percent of the general police population.
Most burn injuries occur to children less than three years of age.
Pheromone traps are only indicators of activity and no thresholds are associated with trap catches.
Irish myth says two dogs guard the gates of death.
Architectural shingles are twice or three times as thick as ordinary shingles.
Cars also kill around ten people each and every day in the UK through accidents.
Separation anxiety starts at approximately nine monthe of age.
Eggs are only of value when no maggots or later insect stages are present.
Most dogs can resume normal activity five to ten days after surgery.
Decompression illness is a continuum from no symptoms or signs to severe multisystem involvement.
Some people have rubella, but show no symptoms at all.
Nymphs feed and mature through five instars in about six to eight weeks.
Sexual maturity occurs at three to four years for females and four to five years for males.
Hurricanes range in categories from one to five with five being the most severe.
Brazil leads the world with more than four billion gallons of ethanol produced each year.
Plants have sentient spirits, no less than humans or animals.
Cockroaches have a broad, flattened shape and six long spiny legs.
Crime is at least three or four times greater in the major urban areas.
Buttercups can grow up to one to three feet tall and can be about an inch across.
Chronic urticaria refers to hives that last more than six weeks.
Sharks have five different kinds of fins.
Children usually become afraid of the dark between the ages of three and five.
Sexual maturity is reached at about two years of age.
Pregnancy tests take at least ten days to detect a pregnancy.
Plants reach a maximum height of three feet.
Fitnesses are important numbers in evolutionary theory and can be estimated by three main methods.
Ventricular fibrillation can last up to five minutes.
Ligands seeks two receptors into binding and mutual phosphorylation.
Bonds typically require ten or more years to mature.
Gloves have no ridges or crevices in which the bacteria can hide.
Lambda phage can infect by either of two methods.
Some pregnant women suffer a great deal from morning sickness, while others feel no sickness at all.
Most chicks are killed by predators in the first six months of their life.
Raindrops produce two types of sound underwater.
Nurseries provide care for children under five years old.
Births usually occur at night, any time of the year and every four years or so.
Mosses have two phases in their life cycle.
Women walking forty to fifty minutes, three to four times per week, live longer.
Sociology is no less divided among areas of study, paradigms, and value commitments.
Respiratory therapists complete two to four years of education.
Metaphors connect two different ideas, persons, places, or things.
Engine oil has three main functions.
Wind is renewable, and produces no emissions or by-products.
Plants are usually less than three feet tall, but can be up to ten feet tall near water.
Female walleye grow faster than male walleye, after they are three years old.
Some networks are small, involving as little as two computers.
Pear trees require six to eight years to produce a commercial crop.
Aromatic oils are available in three distinct scents.
Many people only have one or two hives.
Plant bulbs deeper than seed, usually three to four times the diameter of the bulb.
Allergies tend to run in families, although no obvious mode of inheritance is recognized.
Mule deer have a gestation period of about seven months.
Men are three to six times more likely to commit suicide than women.
Light can go around the earth three times in one second .
Earth has four layers.
Abdominal pain is usually severe and is typically present for more than seven days.
Many angiosperms have more than two sets of chromosomes.
Heat stroke is the most serious of the five heat disorders.
Sexual maturity occurs between the ages of five and ten.
Humpbacks swim in pods of three or four as they migrate.
Spiders produce up to seven types of silk.
Ozone is a form of oxygen that occurs naturally, consisting of three oxygen atoms.
Charged batteries give two hours of light with full charge.
Pancreatic juice is of two types.
Tropical rainforest covers over two thirds of Brunei.
Tree swallows arrive in spring before any of the five other species of swallows.
Ozone is a molecule made of three oxygen atoms.
Additive color combines the three colors to make white.
Magnetic resonance has two major components.
Molecules consist of two or more atoms.
Green algae can divide into more than two daughter cells.
Ribosomes have two subunits - small and large.
Worlds congress is an international interdisciplinary congress on women held every three years.
Some geographers list only six continents, combining Europe and Asia into Eurasia.
Spiders have two fangs .
Most people have two kidneys.
Most soils have two or more identifiable horizons.
Binomials have two terms and are linear.
Full moons occurs once every twenty nine and One half days.
Refraction is caused by two effects.
All ecosystems have three characteristics in common.
Most centrioles are made up of nine sets of microtubule triplets, arranged in a cylinder.
Most birds have nine air sacs.
Some molecules consist of two atoms of the same element.
G proteins consist of three subunits called alpha, beta and gamma.
Juveniles reach sexual maturity at eight years of age.
Osteoporosis is the most common bone disease, affecting one in three women and one in twelve men.
Most poor families have none, one or two children.
Ultraviolet light accounts for less than ten percent of solar energy.
Miniature horses tend to be around nine hands or less.
Cats have three eyelids.
Muscle weighs up to seven times more than fat.
Children are almost three times as likely to smoke if their parents do.
Batch growth is carried out in a finite volume of nutrients and is characterised by four phases.
Pine trees grow only five feet tall.
Today there are six major breweries in Mexico that produce a spectrum of tasty beverages.
Chlorine has two stable isotopes.
Tattoos can take up to six weeks to heal.
Hoatzin has typical foot with three toes forwards and one backwards.
Periodontal disease is the most common condition in the ferret older than six years.
Realist philosophy has two roles.
Sodium reacts with organic halides in two ways.
Cleavage is poor in two directions.
Nutrition knows no boundaries or limitations of disease.
Many parents start to use inserts for nap and nighttime when their babies are about four months old.
Infectious spores can live for up to eight weeks on contaminated objects.
Lichens have four growth forms.
Telescopes come in two basic types - refractors and reflectors.
Addiction knows no bounds of race, class, geography or gender.
Ozone is comprised of three oxygen molecules which acts as an oxidizer and bacterial disinfectant.
Light stimulation activates two outward currents.
Risk factors can affect patients in two ways.
Falcons are roughly divisible into three or four groups.
Most birds have only four toes.
Esters have two carbon chains separated by an 'ether' oxygen.
Fire can burn at three levels.
Aspens are an important source of food and shelter for an estimated five hundred species.
Maple syrup is prepared for packing in two ways.
Plants generally are fully dormant with no obvious signs of active growth.
Risk premium is a factor for individuals, but in the whole economy it is a zero sum.
Coconut oil is made from fully dried copra having maximum moisture content of six per cent.
Synesthesia can combine any or all five of the senses.
Intussusception has the highest incidence in infant boys between the ages of four and eight months.
Horses drink between eight and twelve gallons of water a day.
Inflorescence is characterized by extra spikelets at the three upper nodes.
Female sturgeon spawn only every four to seven years.
Poisonous snakes have two specialized hollow teeth called fangs.
Herbicides fall into three major categories.
Sexual maturity is achieved by the age of three months.
Susceptibility is determined by three distinct genetic loci.
Scientists have to map the seven chromosome groups that form the genetic material of wheat.
Background radiation comes from three sources.
Females inherit two X chromosomes, one from each parent.
Oysters reach a harvestable size in South Carolina at an age of about three years.
Whiteflies pass through four distinct stages of development.
Youth are three times more likely than adults to be victims of violence.
Most seizures occur in three distinct phases.
Soil erosion is twice that of food-crops since no weeds grow in tobacco fields.
Colostrum is bright yellowish thick milk secreted in the first three to six days after birth.
Scientists currently recognize six subspecies of North American elk.
Some bunchberries have four leaves while others have six, even in the same patch.
Most people tan two to three times a week.
Many computers currently use two digits to record the year.
Ozone is a molecule composed of three atoms of oxygen.
Different species reproduce at different intervals ranging from three to seventeen years.
Female bilbies have a backward-opening pouch with eight nipples.
Quarks can have three colors, red, green and blue.
Most linguists organize the African languages into four major language families.
Reciprocity involves dialogue and communication among two persons or groups.
Gorillas are sexually mature at six to nine years of age.
Mites are arachnids, so they have eight legs.
Many mammals have hooves that are cloven with two parts.
Turkeys are polygynous with males gathering and defending harems of five or more females.
Breast cancer is a common disease, affecting one in nine women during their lifetime.
Atoms are the building blocks of matter and they are composed of three particle types.
Cubs can open their eyes in two weeks time.
Comets really have two visible tails.
Vampires generally are male, and rabies is seven times more frequent in men than in women.
Rats multiply four times as fast as cats.
Smoking imposes no costs on the nation's taxpayers that go uncompensated.
Fuel cells operate quietly and are zero to low emissions, comparable to a battery-powered vehicle.
Carbon is able to bond with up to four other elements.
Epistatic interactions come in four types, thus there are possible interactions.
Fawns have less than six teeth.
Sexual maturity occurs at ten years of age.
All beetles have six legs.
Square root is a continuous function for nonnegative x , and the square root of zero is zero.
Antimony trioxide is found in two minerals, valentinite and senarmontite.
Ice jams cause flooding because of two main features.
Human hearts have four separate chambers inside.
Cockleburs produce two kinds of flowers.
Crustaceans are the only arthropods that have a. b. c. d. three pairs of legs.
Rape is punishable by imprisonment in the state prison for six years.
Coherence has two components, spatial and temporal.
Salmonids use two forms of cover, overhead and submerged.
Muscat is divided into six wilayats and is Oman's financial and trade centre.
Raptors have acute hearing and vision, which is estimated to be eight to ten times that of humans.
Wild dingoes can live for up to ten years but usually live for more like five or six years.
Sports fishing is no child's play.
Men get emphysema about six times more often than women do.
Magnolias produce roots that span four times the distance of the tree's overhead canopy.
Lobsters are slow growing and it takes five to six years for a female to reach maturity.
Water makes up about four percent of the oil sand by weight.
Hummingbirds eat about every ten minute, slurping down twice their body weight in nectar every day.
Botanists currently recognize nine species of Hevea.
Early childhood refers to the time period between birth and eight years of age.
Birds also have two wings.
Cnidarian bodies have two or sometimes three layers.
Diploid cells have two complete sets of chromosomes.
China is officially an atheist country, but there are four main religions practiced.
Plants become infected in nurseries but show no symptoms until transplanted to production fields.
Today there are no visions because people think more about material than spiritual things .
Men usually have no symptoms but carry the organism in the urethra.
Baryons consist of three quarks while mesons consist of a quark and an anti-quark.
Hot water can cause a third degree burn on a child in less than three seconds.
Plants are four feet apart with ten feet between rows.
Water can kill in three ways cold shock, drowning and severe hypothermia.
Women have two X chromosomes.
Caterpillars pass through five to seven larval instars before they enter the pupal stage.
Average litters contain three to six kittens.
Some researchers indicate that one out of five young people have had sex by the age of thirteen.
Japan sits on the intersection of four tectonic plates thatgenerate a constant seismic risk.
Diarrhoea kills three million children under five every year.
Birds can have nine to twelve primaries, but the most common number is ten.
Muscle burns eight times the calories that fat does.
Most divorces take place after three to five years of marriage.
Light only penetrates the upper hundred, sometimes even only the upper ten meters of the water.
Butterflies have two large compound eyes.
Pets can have up to three growth stages.
Smoking causes lung cancer in two ways.
Every plane curve has at least four vertices.
Age of marriage is controlled by each of the four States.
Lemon sharks are usually eight to ten feet long .
Tadpoles hatch within two days.
Puppy teeth begin to erupt until all the baby teeth are in by about five to six weeks of age.
All hornets have two sets of wings.
Yoga recognizes three separate forms of breathing - diaphragmatic, intercostal, and clavicular.
Biochemical testing can easily differentiate the two species.
Deer are born with four baby teeth and develop baby incisors and premolars in their first months.
Radians have no dimensions .
Rock cavies become sexually mature when they are about one to three months old.
Space is in a three dimensional form.
Tourism is among the three largest industries in each of the western states.
Antibiotics usually clear up impetigo in four or five days.
Educational attainment varies widely, but more than half have less than six years of schooling.
Insects are arthropods that have a body with three segments, six legs, and one set of antennae.
Water lilies can grow in water as shallow as six inches and as deep as fifteen feet.
Boys generate ten times more androgen than girls do, and are more likely to develop acne.
Sponges have three cell types.
Autism is a neurological disorder that affects one in every five hundred births.
Some pediatricians say to wait until the baby is six months old.
Practical shooting is based around three equally important aspects of accuracy, power and speed.
Group communication exists among three or more people who have some common purpose.
Cellular respiration occurs in three parts.
Wind speed is measured using either of two instruments.
Capital letters account for only five percent of all letters in written English.
Right whales are slow swimmers, averaging just six miles per hour.
Perennial plants live for more than two years.
Cells synthesize purine nucleotides in two ways.
Giraffes grow for ten years until they reach their maximum height.
Some houses have as many as ten people living in one room.
Olympic softball consists of eight teams from all around the world.
Jersey has nine breeding seabird species, of which seven nest on the north coast.
Poverty impacts on the environment in two ways.
Bacteria come in three basic shapes.
Calves are born eight and a half months after mating.
Medflies usually live for about two to three weeks.
Mangroves dominate three quarters of tropical coastlines.
Camels can survive up to six months without food or water.
Bears stand on two feet.
Cubs emerge from the den when they are four to six months old.
Asbestos is a generic term used to describe the fibrous form of six different minerals.
Autism is a severe life-long disability that typically occurs in the first three years.
Electrons have almost no mass and are negatively charged.
Time is a wheel with seven spokes.
Minarets are in the courtyard s four corners.
Testicles have two important jobs in the body.
Bears have no enemies other than humans.
Daylily leaves are grass-like, usually two feet long.
Some mounds contain no eggs and are referred to as test redds, false redds, or scrapes.
Blood pressure is measured with two numbers.
Skyscrapers are three story buildings.
Industrial halocarbons are effective ozone-depleters for two reasons.
Snails can sleep for three years without eating.
Toucans adapt to their ecosystems by first finding the four resources needed for survival.
Footprints are the size of an elephant and has three toes or claw marks.
Optometrists attend four years of optometry school before starting practice.
Water is forced through a system which breaks it into drops as small as five microns.
Women can have only one baby each nine months, plus recovery time.
Mature plants can be up to six feet tall.
All insects have six legs and three unique body sections.
Battledores come in two types, female and male.
Durable goods are new or used items generally with a normal life expectancy of three years or more.
Marital rape is defined in two ways.
Major depression strikes one in four women, and one in ten men during their lifetime.
Water is found in all three states or phases on the Earth.
Men die from suicide at four times the rate of women.
Geological faults exist where two plates come into contact.
Knowledge interacts with consciousness on two levels.
Tobacco use is responsible for nearly one in five deaths in the United States.
Most turbines have either two or three blades.
Phonology has two levels.
Brick chimneys hide a system that circulates air in and out of the building every six minutes.
Pigeons can raise four to five broods annually.
Sound waves travel up to five times faster through water than through air.
Concentricity is zero for a 'perfect' tube.
Microorganisms are classified into four major groups.
All evening primroses have four petals and they open in early evening.
Parliamentary democracy is less than two years old in Nigeria.
Humans brains are about three times bigger than in chimpanzees.
Natural chromium contains four isotopes.
All earwigs have six hooked legs.
Mosquitoes can develop in any standing water that lasts more than four days.
Social organization is complex, described as being structured into three levels.
Air quality is important to long term economic growth for three reasons.
Water seems magical because it changes form and is found in three states of existence.
Feed kittens shortly after they wake up, and adult cats eight hours after they wake up.
Female waterbucks reach maturity at the age of three years.
Men live on average about seven years less than women in most developed countries.
Studies show that one out of ten school-age children walk in their sleep at least once a week.
Some herpesvirus genomes exist as a mixture of four isomers.
Arthropods are made up of four groups of living animals and one group of extinct animals.
Worms have two main characteristics.
Water deprivation involves consuming no fluids for a period of time.
Malignant melanoma causes six out of seven skin cancer deaths.
Sexual reproduction requires the presence of two mating types.
Many physicists believe that the neutrino, like a photon, has no mass at all.
Neurologists divide multiple sclerosis into two types.
Australian colonies can have two million termites.
Mothers nurse their babies, even underwater, for about eight months.
Most cod are between six and twelve pounds as adults, and weigh between four and ten pounds.
Lubricated condoms are effective for a maximum of five years after the date of manufacture.
Isopods are gray in color with a shell-like body and have seven pairs of legs.
Sage grouse are big birds, with some males approaching eight pounds.
Economic liberalization fuels the drug trade in at least four ways.
Homosexual men are six times more likely to have attempted suicide than heterosexual men.
Women have six senses, men five.
Large bulbs can produce as many as three flower stalks.
Older people have three times more tooth decay than children.
Ticks mature in four stages, moving from egg to larva and nymph to adult.
Most deer develop their largest antlers between the ages of four and six years.
Rape occurs every six minutes in the United States.
Grasshoppers can jump two feet high and four feet forward.
Copolymers last two to three years.
Women are four times more likely than men to develop osteoporosis.
Most dinoflagellates are unicellular forms with two flagella .
Quarks also come in three 'colours', terms for a property a little like electrical charge.
Ozone is a form of molecular oxygen that consists of three oxygen atoms linked together.
Plants grow through precisely spaced and sized holes in top and each of the four sides.
Enlightenment enriches all eight of the values that define human aspirations.
Horses are creatures with four legs.
Parvo can survive in the environment for as long as six months.
Caramels release three times more flavour with hot chocolate.
Braided breads start with an even number of ropes as four, six or eight.
Moths typically have two pairs of wings covered in scales.
Maxillary molars have two buccal cusps and two lingual cusps.
Most anoles are said to live between four and eight years.
Matter exists in three states solids, liquids, and gases.
Most children improve in three to seven days.
Most children stop wetting the bed at night by the time they are four or five.
All compound microscopes contain two magnifying lenses and work similarly.
Pacific halibut grow much larger than California halibut, over four feet over a hundred pounds.
Black rhinos have two horns, one longer than the other.
Neuroblasts delaminate in five waves spanning approximately three hours.
Female cats have two X-chromosomes.
Minerals can also have two, three, four or six cleavage planes.
Most babies start drinking from a cup between six and nine months of age.
Bees possess five eyes.
Reclaimed water is sewage water that has been treated and disinfected using four different methods.
Alcoholics are three times as likely to be male as female.
Marakoopa cave is a large cavern with two underground streams.
All primates have five fingers on each hand.
Juveniles reach sexual maturity at five years of age.
Reds can benefit from seven to nine years' aging .
Optical isomers differ in the arrangement of four groups around a chiral carbon.
Interdigital glands are present on all four feet, and are slightly larger on the front feet.
Animal products contain no carbohydrates at all.
Snakes have three layers of skin.
Clustering takes many forms, and can scale from two computers.
Death can occur within five hours in children.
Unconsciousness can take place within one to two minutes.
Muscular strength is tested on six major muscle groups.
Bucks grow antlers each year that reach five to six feet in spread.
Modern guitars come in four main types.
Ocean water contains seven times more salt than the human body can safely ingest.
Raspberries come in four colors, red, yellow, purple and black.
Some people have no symptoms until the liver has been quite severely damaged.
Chronic infections cause about nine percent of cancer cases, mostly in developing countries.
Genetic equilibrium is always true if five specific conditions are met.
Top reds improve with as much as ten years' aging .
Topical steroids come in four different strengths, mild, moderately potent, potent and very potent.
Studies show that women are four times more likely to report ill than men.
Rheumatic fever begins one to six weeks after an untreated streptococcal infection.
Cichlids like to eat - there's two ways about it.
Bobcats have very short tails, only three to seven inches long.
Fear has two traits.
Pinks live only two years.
Process color uses a combination of four separate inks to create a full-color image.
Information collected by the five senses comes into the brain from the spinal cord to the cortex.
Echinoderms have radial symmetry , many having five or multiples of five arms.
Most bioluminescence is blue for two reasons.
Females are able to conceive three to four months after calves are weaned.
Local government is administered by nine district councils and five town councils.
Most dogs start to mature at two to three years.
Catbirds are usually around nine inches in length and common in undergrowth, brush, and gardens.
Women taking vitex for three months appear to have more success at becoming pregnant.
Rats reach puberty very young at six to eight weeks of age.
Postpartum blues are common during the three months after childbirth.
Pimps have two ways of holding on to women.
Tornado intensity is measured on a scale of zero to five, with five the strongest.
Crabs have ten legs.
Sharks can have from five to seven gills.
Cofactors are divides into two categories, one being coenzymes.
Nymphs pass through five nymphal instars before molting into the adult stage.
Dunes are of two types - linear and parabolic.
Thin walls develop around six of the nuclei.
Mites can survive off the body for up to five days.
Biennials complete their life cycle in two years a.
Figure skating is like flying, but it's also like climbing hundreds of stairs in four minutes.
Gray fox vixens usually give birth to three or four pups at a time.
Diprotic acids can release two hydrogen ions per molecule.
Many infected dogs exhibit no symptoms until the disease is in an advanced state.
Lemurs live in troops of two and five individuals.
Some clouds are so thick and dense that no stars can shine through.
Fuzzy logic is an attempt to combine the two techniques.
Polyploids are plants with more than two sets of chromosomes.
Ants have three pairs of legs, all originating in the thorax.
Leeches usually have three jaws and make a Y-shaped incision.
Cetaceans are noted for their play behavior, seemingly pleasurable activities with no serious goal.
Millipedes have four per body segment and they have lots of body segments.
Sharpshooters are a mix of powder burners and five year old kids.
New species are believed to arrive in the Mediterranean at the rate of four to five annually.
Cleavage is fair in four directions forming octahedrons.
Covalent compounds are two non metals put together.
Monkeys are much more resistant and can live up to five minutes.
Humans display all four features characteristic of chordates during their embryonic phase.
Some adjectives have two forms, others have four.
Compounds consist of two or more elements in fixed proportions.
Miniature cattle are classified in three categories as measured by height at the hip.
Ignorance exists in two forms .
Vegetation has three important aspects that are subject to change.
Snake venom works on victims in two main ways.
Humans stand upright and walk on two legs.
Most ants have three such eyes on the vertex of the cranium, placed in a triangle.
Infected rodents carry and secrete the virus for about seven days.
People have at least seven distinct intelligences.
Some people say they see things in three spatial dimensions.
Frogs commonly have four legs and one foot on each leg.
Striped whipsnakes seem to prefer temperatures from seventy five to ninety nine degrees Fahrenheit.
Iranian men can lawfully have four wives.
Sparse matrices are matrices that contain a relatively large number of zero entries.
Telic verbs have two stems, while atelic verbs have one.
Most females are sexually mature at about five to six years.
Time based licenses are typically licenses that expire within one to three years.
Blood is made up of four parts.
Frozen grafts can have a shelf life of up to five years.
Mammals have only two sets of teeth.
Ozone is an invisible gas composed of three atoms of oxygen.
Planaria have two tiny eyes on the head.
Nymphs progress through five instars before becoming adults.
Nymphs feed for five to eight weeks before entering the adult stage.
Medial moraine is formed from two lateral moraines.
Ritual circumcision occurs in the rst two weeks of life.
Men have little or no rites when they are victims of domestic violence.
Barn owls eat about three rats or mice a day.
Joint life is a policy that covers two lives.
Instinct drives men to achieve success in five key areas of their lives.
Elk retain their antlers for more than six months of the year.
Trees have four ways to spread their seeds.
Plants generally live two years but sometimes longer.
Most cats have only four to five toes per paw, depending on whether it is the front or back paw.
Rats only live about two years.
Cancer affects one in three of the UK population.
Religions can provide many answers about how a person can live, but no explanations about why.
Women purposely injure themselves three to four times more often than men.
Home ownership adds to the economy in two ways.
Most infected people show no symptoms or have mild symptoms of disease.
Thermal equilibrium is when two systems reach same temperature.
Ants have three castes, namely queens, males and workers.
Sugar is a source of calories but it has NO nutrients at all.
Roaches can run as fast as three miles per hour and can swim.
Plants synthesize two types of polysaccharides, starch and cellulose.
Dark chocolate has more than double that amount and cocoa powder has four times that amount.
Cells have two kinds of nuclei.
Natural molybdenum contains seven isotopes.
Oar boats are smaller than motor boats and can accommodate four to five people.
Grease makes food seven times harder to digest.
Female gorillas give birth to one infant after a pregnancy of nearly nine months.
Stem cells form when an embryo is four days old, and go on to make up every part of the body.
Raspberries are considered a high-fiber food at over eight grams of dietary fiber per cup.
Wing feathers are now nine months old and continue to fade and wear.
Laminitis occurs in three stages.
Secondary aluminum uses five percent of the energy required to produce primary aluminum.
Prokaryotes mean they have no nucleus in which they store genetic material.
Healthy people can donate blood as often as once every eight weeks.
Sexual reproduction needs two parents, a male and a female.
Lizards generally have four legs and movable eyelids.
Peach scab causes minor losses in mid-Atlantic orchards but can build up if no fungicides are used.
Water weighs about ten pounds per gallon.
Bilinear interpolation uses a weighted average of the four nearest pixels.
Stripers reach maturity at approximately three years of age.
Virtual chaos defines the cosmos as ten dimensional torque and consciousness.
Zirconia can exhibit three different crystal structures depending on temperature.
Animal cages are simple roofed cage blocks, each typically containing five contiguous cages.
Congenital stenosis has two main types, membranous and cartilaginous.
Protons have two ups and a down.
Poinsettias come in three main colors Red, pink, and white.
Cats There are thirty five recognised species of cats and a whole host of subspecies or races.
Oral cancers are about six times more common in drinkers than in nondrinkers.
Dinoflagellates have two dissimilar flagella.
Striped bass are usually three and one-third times as long as they are deep.
Many people are long-term carriers and can show no signs of disease of side effects for many years.
Crustaceans have three major body parts .
Most big whales eat one to three tons per day.
Respiratory rates are in the two hundreds per minute.
Mice can have a new litter of babies every three weeks.
All capacitors have two connections , or leads .
Symbols are important in a country where one in three people are illiterate.
Penguins can jump as high as six feet in the air.
Males are at least four times more likely to die from suicide than females.
Stroke is the number three killer and the leading cause of disability.
Elephants also have four molars, one on the top and one on the bottom on both sides of the mouth.
Sockeye generally spend two years at sea.
Friendships often go through four phases, according to psychologists.
Faith has two elements.
Most parents know to keep their children in car seats until they are four years old or forty pounds.
Interval logic translates a four bit value to a note number.
Wind can have two different effects on thunder.
Hummers often groom their heads and necks with their feet, uses the front three claws like a comb.
Young worms mature in the large intestine in three to four months, then begin the cycle anew.
Mothers remain with their young for up to six months.
Tangent Creates a surface tangent to two adjacent surfaces.
Tamarins have one to three babies a year.
Sexual reproduction is varied in three ways.
Mental illness is more common than many people realise, affecting one in four of the population.
Butterflies have a complex life cycle that consists of four different stages.
Researchers do know that about four times more men than women commit suicide.
Tadpoles undergo three remarkable changes that are easy to observe.
Least weasels breed one to three times per year, depending on prey density.
Moles breed in late winter or spring and have a gestation period of about four to six weeks.
Women represent one in three persons in the manufacturing workforce.
Oar boats carry three to five passengers, plus one guide.
Traditional consumers are the type who eat meat and three vegetables for their evening meal.
Cockroaches have three stages of development - egg, nymph, and adult.
Most species go through four larval instars .
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Winter is the coldest and darkest season of the four in Kansas.
All azaleas have five lobes to the flower.
Ticks have eight legs like spiders.
Alcohol is the one common factor in the four leading causes of death in teens.
Newborns routinely cry a total of one to four hours per day.
All insects have six legs.
Grilled foods can contain two groups of carcinogenic compounds.
Carpenter ants undergo complete metamorphosis , in four stages from egg to adult.
Female orangutans give birth, on average, only once every eight years.
Recycling creates at least ten times more jobs than landfills.
Tarantulas have two typical methods of defense.
Puppies lose their maternal antibodies by the time they are three months old.
Squids can have between seven and eighteen tentacles, seemingly determined at random.
Phonology is divided into two sub-branches.
Midwives handle low-risk deliveries of mothers with no serious medical problems.
Infants are completely white at birth but gain full adult coloration around four months.
Human life develops or evolves in seven stages.
Bilingualism involves the ability to use two different languages successfully.
Most camera lenses are like a four by six picture frame.
Cows gain in weight for three weeks before the start of breeding season and during breeding season.
National forests have regulations that restrict four wheeler use to established roads.
Toenails are similar, except that they grow four times slower and are on the toes.
Salamanders have less-specialized morphologies than do the other two orders.
Mitosis has six distinct steps in which the cell organizes and copies the DNA in the nucleus.
Most major cities have at least two gay papers.
Carbon monoxide remains in the blood for up to six months after death.
Apples remain fresh two weeks after maturation.
Autism affects three times as many males as it does females.
Norplant implants are six matchstick-size rods inserted into the upper arm.
Sheep have three skin pouches, or scent glands.
Newborn females take two years to reach milking age.
Natural ytterbium is a mixture of seven stable isotopes, with seven other unstable isotopes known.
Most comets travel in a three shape.
Most foods contain all three fats in different amounts.
Stabilizers have no fluids to leak.
Prolactin exists in three heterogenic forms which possess varying biological activity.
Intermodal transportation minimizes transportation costs in two ways.
Maize canopies under two soil water regimes.
Spectal quality affects disease development of three pathogens on hydroponically grown plants.
Wood is ten times stronger in the axial direction than in the radial or tangential directions.
Flexible shapes are also shapes which have no obvious way of being attacked.
Skunks only store enough fluid to spray around five times.
Women are four times more likely to be affected than men.
Dizygotic twins result when two separate eggs are fertilized.
Most people go back to work within one to three months after having a heart attack.
Organisms carry two alleles for every trait.
Fusion joins together two small nuclei.
Brown rice has five times more Vitamin E and three times more magnesium.
Pea Island is a typical barrier island habitat with three managed impoundments.
Canyon Lake is famous for producing lunker largemouth bass over ten pounds.
Annuals have long blooming seasons, usually about two months.
Trinity is a growing family of more than nine hundred people sharing a spiritual journey.
Cancer is the number two killer behind heart disease.
Perennial grass takes three to five years before it is mature enough to produce adequate seed.
Maps are flat while the real world is three dimensional.
Rodents have four toes on their front feet and five on the hind.
Comets generally have two tails.
Piano duets are for two players at one piano .
Ovarian cancer accounts for five percent of cancers among women.
Biological information is replicated as the two strands are separated.
Coho return to freshwater between the ages of three and four to spawn.
Pipits are ground nesters, laying up to six speckled eggs.
Macular degeneration is a condition that affects one out of every three seniors.
Swans have black webbed feet with three strongly nailed toes.
Skin is divided into two parts.
Binary compounds are substances that contain two elements.
Magnets typically have two poles, a north and a south.
Land owners can destroy wolves on or within five miles of their land.
Dentists are among the top five percent of wage earners in the United States.
Many women have no symptoms when they develop an infection.
Human ear has three important parts.
Sodomy is the third major term, and is also defined in three degrees.
Most chick mortality occurs within six days after hatching.
Upper canines are long and well-developed, and the molars have three or four cusps.
Men can also be victims of rape, too, but fewer than five percent know the hell it can be.
Conditionality is a two edged weapon.
People have two sets of chromosomes.
Rainbow trout abound in two of the island s lakes.
Echocardiography demonstrates in clear, graphic fashion the four cardiac chambers and four valves.
Hurricanes have five categories depending on wind speeds.
Blood sugar is monitored at least four times daily.
Angels have no illusions about human nature, but they are prone to certain subtle misconceptions.
Biennials complete their lifecycles in less than two years.
Most insects have four wings, but flies have only two.
Triglycerides consist of one molecule of glycerol and three molecules of fatty acids.
Whole corn can sustain the virus up to four days.
Current research focuses on three fossorial rodent species.
Hippos reproduce about every two years in the wild.
Decimals are formed by marking off a ruler in ten equal parts.
Disabilities have no limitations and can attack anyone in many forms.
Babies often lose their hair during the first six months of life.
Text files have no codes or formulas that are common in word processing and spreadsheet files.
Bees are robust bodied, hairy insects with four wings.
New shoes help keep their feet fresh, and they change socks and shoes three times a day.
Smoking crack provides eight essential vitamins and minerals.
Parasitic nematodes are beneficial for six reasons.
Morels seem to grow more abundantly where there are four distinct seasons.
Penguins live on four different continents.
China is located in eastern Asia and spans more than nine million square kilometers.
Fusion energy is released when two small atoms merge together.
Deciduous forests have four seasons, spring, summer, fall, and winter.
Atoms are the building blocks of matter and they are composed of three particle types.
Diabetes come in two types.
Psychologists label five personality traits and explain which increase and decrease with age.
Critters are our handmade teddy bears in three sizes.
Single mothers are seven times more likely to be at poverty levels.
Tricolour mouse is to have three contrasting patches of colour on the back and sides.
Doxycycline antibiotics twice a day for five days is also effective.
Radio waves have two important characteristics that change.
Most people require roughly seven to eight hours of sleep a night to stay alert through the day.
Enzyme activity is controlled at two different levels.
Most harvestmen have two eyes, although there are eyeless species.
Comets are visible for two reasons.
Carbon is formed by a rare collision of three helium nuclei.
Rhinos are herbivores with barrel shapedbodies, thick legs and feet with three toes.
Crabs usually walk sideways on their five pairs of legs.
Fundamentalists say holy water is a superstition that has no basis in the Bible.
Fitness is comprised of three equally important components, strength , flexibility , and endurance .
Puppies open their eyes about nine to eleven days following birth .
Capital comes in two basic types.
Females like to care for three to four babies at a time because one cub is a waste of time.
Pressure depends on two principles-depth and density.
Most crops require at least six to eight hours of full sun a day to thrive.
Fats are the most concentrated source of food energy, supplying nine calories per from.
All insects have three pairs of legs and adult wings.
Female smokers are three times as likely to have moderate to severe wrinkling as nonsmokers.
Animal products provide no benefits for people with diabetes.
Many bacteria have plasmids with no obvious function.
Cottontails live approximately two years in the wild.
Some nutritionists advise eating a little something every four hours to keep blood sugar steady.
All organisms are divided into five kingdoms.
Cell groups are gatherings of at least three people who meet regularly for a variety of purposes.
Maximum age is seven years, but most live for four years.
Canoes are two person boats.
Camels have two toes on each foot.
Cats have five toes in the forepaws and four in the hind paws.
Right lung has three lobes, left lung has two lobes.
Tardigrades are microscopic, water-dwelling, segmented animals with eight legs.
Crop rotation reduces residual populations of all four root rot organisms.
Scientists emphasize how critical the first ten years of life are in terms of brain development.
Heavy infestations can kill an entire lawn in as few as four days.
Tapirs have hoofed toes , with four toes on the front feet and three toes on the hind feet .
Corporate tax is five percent of net taxable income.
Elephants replace their teeth six times.
Electric eels produce two kinds of electric discharges.
Women have no possessions and depend totally on their husbands for their livelihoods.
Most carpets dry in one to two hours.
Grasshoppers develop through five to six instars.
Many eye disorders have no symptoms until it is too late.
Fruit is a silique opening by two valves.
Bacteria have two self-serving functions in working on organic remains.
Pelagic division is divided into neritic and three levels of pelagic provinces.
Most amphibians have four limbs.
Females are about four times more likely than men to develop osteoporosis.
Respect is for every species in the world, including all four races.
World history is presented as six discrete periods, from pre-history to the present.
Some olive trees live to be two thousand years old.
Birds of prey have extremely sharp sight, up to eight times sharper than our eyesight.
Some kinds complete the life cycle in less than a year, while others require up to four years.
Government agencies have no business in healthcare.
Sediment consists of two visually distinct floc layers.
Spiders have only two body divisions and eight legs.
Domain names have two or more parts, seperated by dots.
Children are six times more likely to commit suicide.
Chinese tradition classifies goldfish into four main types.
Calves can swim two days after they are born.
Euthanasia rests on two prongs.
Oblates also work in missions throughout the world, on all six continents.
Whitetails average roughly six to ten lbs.
Earthworms range in length from a tiny one millimetre to a massive three metres.
Volume is a three dimensional measure so the doubling and tripling are cubed.
Acupuncture is used by about one in seven general practitioners.
Culms bear four to six leaves.
Some women have as many as four or more per year.
Okra pods are ready for harvest four to seven days after the flower opens.
Some elements exist as two atoms on their own.
Most people require a stereoscope to merge the images and perceive three dimensions.
Carbohydrates contain four calories per gram while fat contains nine calories per gram.
Male perch reach sexual maturity at about three years of age, females at four.
Lightning can occur in four ways.
Chlorine is manufactured in two ways.
Carbon comes in three kinds- dust, coconut shell or granulated.
Foals normally stand and nurse within three hours of birth.
Direct variation is when two variables vary directly.
Some vaccines take up to four weeks to become effective.
Poor sleep affects more women than men and is reported by one in three adults.
Coccidiosis usually occurs from three weeks of age.
Most insects have four to eight molts, but some have over twenty.
Shelled sorghum is dried for two weeks before storage.
Many fighter planes have two engines.
Burglars attack homes without electronic security three times more often than homes with a system.
Ocular dryness responds to the use of artificial tears applied every one to three hours.
Most birds have eight air sacs.
Cutworms develop through five to eight larval instars.
Japanese archaeologists recognize, in general terms, four prehistoric and four historic periods.
Caterpillars have two pairs of six ocelli on their head.
Smoking causes nearly one in five U.S. deaths.
Lightning can travel six miles or more horizontally from the storm, then strike the ground.
Parthenogenetic teiids arise when two sexual species hybridize.
Honeypot ants belong to any of five genera.
Education has two primary functions literacy and enculturation.
Antidepressants have seven distinct mechanisms of action.
Perennials can take three or four years to reach a mature size.
Caffeine is a powerful sleep inhibitor that stays in the bloodstream for up to six hours.
Snap beans provide nearly as much magnesium as milk, but spinach provides nearly five times more.
Many sources estimate that one in every four girls has been sexually abused.
Baby coats to six months old tend to take more time, and tangle more.
Rabies is present in Austria, although there have been no incidents reported in recent years.
Most birds of prey have three toes in front on their feet , and one toe in the back.
Borrelia causes two types of relapsing fever.
Blood contains two types of cells - red and white.
Mortality is highest for eagles in their first year of life, especially their first six months.
Evolution occurs because of three forces.
Microtubular systems contain at least three a-tubulin isoforms.
All butterflies have three pairs of legs.
Some English verbs have two objects.
Young men are five times more likely to commit suicide than young women are.
Young roosters begin to show colored feathers on their breasts and necks at eight weeks.
Most eagles find a mate and begin breeding when they are five years old.
Indoor cats live three times as long as outdoor cats.
Stress is the force applied to the materials through four basic types.
Hypertension afflicts about one in four American adults, both men and women, of all ages.
Granite conducts sound ten times faster than air.
Many babies improve before two years of age.
Lightning can strike a building more than three times a year.
Hagfishes have pinkish gray wormlike bodies and four or six short tentacles around their mouths.
All cells act as sources, but most cells just propagate sound because they have zero amplitude.
Illegitimate children have no rights to inherit things from parents.
Butterflies have two antennae with clubs at the end.
Oxygen atoms can have three different masses, known as isotopes.
Most mammals have seven cervical vertebrae, but sloths possess nine.
International trade is a two way street.
Progesterone is responsible for three things.
Honey badger has muscular body and strong legs with five toes on front and back feet.
Women have a four times greater chance of developing osteoporosis than men.
Enzymes often work two ways, though.
Beavers are from five to seven years old, usually in kindergarten, grade one, or grade two.
Black bear are a significant predator on moose calves until calves are nine weeks old.
All infants receive infant cereal and infant juice after three months of age.
All scorpions have eight legs and two pincers.
Coaxial relays allow the selection of up to three antennas per cable.
Cells die and break down in two ways.
Sieve elements have no nucleus and only a sparse collection of other organelles.
Money is ten thousand years older than states.
Humans have five vital organs that are essential for survival.
Most women bleed about two ounces during regular periods.
Iron deficiency occurs in three stages.
Chronic pain refers to pain of long duration, typically three months or greater.
Animal hairs are classified into three basic types.
Dogs have ten breasts.
Many comets have two tails.
Most people have twenty nails, ten on the fingers and thumbs, and ten on the toes.
Most mammals have four limbs and are born rather than hatched.
Egyptian law allows a person to be imprisoned six months without charges.
Autism is four times more common in males than females.
Autism is a developmental disability that typically appears during the first three years of life.
Libertarians support the free market for two reasons.
Global peace means no wars and global prosperity means good and cheap products keep flowing in.
Bed bugs are insects and therefore have six legs, three on each side.
Satellites have four atomic clocks on board.
Bears are less likely to attack groups of six or more.
Nuclear power releases no noxious gases.
Interoperability benefits the development of competition on two levels.
All imaginary numbers are complex numbers with zero for the real part.
Biennials live two years.
Some animals show no signs at all before dying suddenly.
Eukaryotic cells have two copies of genes per cell.
Constipation actually has two forms.
Pathogens can enter our bodies through four routes.
Charter boats are smaller vessels hired by a private party of four to six individuals.
Most smooths have no problems with iceballs in their paws or fur.
Asteroids are smaller than any of the nine major planets of the solar system.
Aspiny neurons are of two sizes.
Sexual maturity is reached at four years, and females calve every other year.
Direct sunlight influences postharvest temperature responses and ripening of five avocado cultivars.
Kittens have four toes on their front feet and five on back feet.
Wolves usually rear their pups in dens for the first six weeks.
Sponges have three main tissue layers.
Sprawl destroys one million acres of farmland every two years.
Mammals have two sets of teeth, milk and permanent.
Peonies grow from two to four feet in height.
Interstate commerce is commerce conducted in at least two states.
Most browsers limit the number of connections to the Internet to four at any given point in time.
Expectant parents have an enormous adjustment to make in nine short months.
Some stars show two simultaneous cycle periods.
Electrical devices show no signs of overheating.
Trees can help reduce the greenhouse effect in two ways.
T is the temperature difference between the two locations.
Sex is a three letter word.
Incubation takes about a month and the young owls are capable of short flights around eight weeks.
Grown moose can swim five or ten miles.
Lions reproduce from the age of three years on.
Coffins have six sides and taper off toward the foot.
Exercise works by building up the muscles, and there are no muscles in the breasts.
Armyworms have six stages of growth.
Every earmark consists of a symbol in two positions .
Jackrabbits can weigh three to six pounds.
Heart attacks occur most often around five in the morning.
Carbon atoms are special for two reasons.
Beer is made from fermented grains and has an alcohol content of three to six percent.
Ozone occurs in two layers of the atmosphere.
Bombs are three times more likely to be planted outside buildings than inside.
Financial institutions use four variables to determine the amount of interest paid on deposits.
Sepals are the outermost of the four whorls of modified leaves that make up a flower.
Angiosperms are divided into two groups- monocots and dicots.
Friction occurs when two substances rub together.
Acute pain is pain for six weeks or less.
Canes generally bloom heavily for only two or three seasons.
Cows have FOUR compartments in their stomach to aid in digestion.
Height is controlled by at least four genes.
Hellbenders are split into two groups, called subspecies.
Sea level is predicted to rise three feet during the next century.
Principled federalism implies the repeal of many federal statutes enacted over the past six decades.
Statisticians define two different categories of error.
Beans provide five times more fiber than whole wheat bread and more fat-free protein than lean meat.
Sets are of two kinds, finite and infinite.
Scorpions can live for three to seven years.
Butter contains no trans fatty acids.
Cormorants are monogamous and breed in colonies of up to three thousand pairs.
Winged ants have four wings but the top wings are longer than the wings underneath.
Beetles live for between one and three months.
Closed squares are the two selected large contours.
Photosynthesis is a two stage process.
Inhibitors are of two different types.
Women live an average of five to seven years longer then men.
Female terrapins store sperm and thus can produce fertilized eggs up to four years after mating.
Female elephants have babies about three years apart, and they have only one each time.
Cryogenic processing involves lowering the temperature of an object to sub zero temperatures.
Carbon is fairly unique when it comes to elements, it can bind to four other atoms.
Elephants begin getting their tusks at around six months of age.
Some botanists recognise two botanical varieties.
Oxygen toxicity has three chief manifestations.
Economists generally cite four sources or types of unemployment.
Corns come in two types.
Infiltration requires immersing tissues in two changes of melted paraffin.
Lactic acid has two enantiomers.
Substance abusers have four times the absentee rate of non-abusers.
Fit people are also eight times less likely to die from heart disease.
Lightning is five times hotter than the sun.
Tomatoes come in two basic growth habits.
Sea urchins have five paired rows of tiny tube feet which are found amongst the spines.
Humans begin laughing at two to three months of age.
Pecan weevils cause two types of damage.
Natural tellurium consists of eight isotopes.
Anonymity has a disinhibiting effect that cuts two ways.
Spiders have eight legs and insects have only six.
Flatbed scanners can also record three dimensional objects of many sizes and shapes.
Dizygotic pregnancies occur when two eggs are fertilized.
Common goldeneyes are found in all four flyways.
Roundworms are fairly large worms that can grow to be four or five inches long.
Many Organisms display two of the three types described above.
Squids have ten tentacles.
Insects have three body regions and six legs.
Gymnosperms produce two kinds of spores.
Lizards require five to seven feedings per week due to their high metabolic rates.
Flowers are usually bisexual and have no petals but have sepals that mimic petals.
Natural xenon is composed of nine stable isotopes.
Most biologists divide the living world into five Kingdoms.
Cactus extract increases water infiltration rates in two soils.
Chickadees live in family groups of five to nine members.
Most children start primary school at five years of age.
Dwarf trees are diminutive and shrub-like, reaching four feet or so at maturity.
Cats have four paws but only one ma.
Corn snakes make good pets because they grow to only four to five feet in length and are very hardy.
Chiropractic colleges are generally four year institutions.
Caterpillars tunnel into stems and feed for up to six weeks, then pupate in the soil.
All orioles have long bills and are about seven to eight inches long.
Rain poses two major possible dangers to a bird.
Degradation is a result of two simultaneous processes.
Military vehicles have no emissions requirements or mileage standards.
Trisomy occurs when an individual has three of a particular type of chromosome.
Autism is generally evident by age three and adversely affects learning experiences.
Moths emerge as early as nine days out of cocoon cold-storage.
Antibodies contain two pairs of protein chains.
Paleontologists study two types of fossils.
Tapirs have hoofed toes, with four toes on the front feet and three toes on the hind feet.
Western civilization has two main traditions in gardening.
Some people have no problems with their endoprosthesis.
Skin color is determined by at least three genes in humans.
Cancer strikes one in three people and kills one in four.
Anthropology is comprised of four sub-fields.
Hemlock stands account for more than five per cent of Maine's total forest population.
Liquids usually descend in three to five seconds, and solids in eight to twenty seconds.
Every woman is potentially capable of having seven basic types of orgasms.
Cankers develop slowly and can take four months to girdle a stem.
Male cats are approximately three times as likely to be infected as females.
Cleavage is imperfect in two directions, prismatically.
Mares generally give birth to one young every three years.
Carbon atoms are tetravalent, and therefore, can have four bonding pairs around each carbon atom.
Women are three times more likely to die of a heart attack or stroke than breast cancer.
Blue crabs have three pairs of legs and walk sideways.
All people have two copies of most genes.
Marriage is union of two families.
Music automatically touches three of the four modalities by which the brain processes information.
Women live on average seven years longer than men and retire with dramatically fewer savings.
All salamanders have scaleless skin, four legs and a tail.
Chordates have four shared derived characters.
Oil spills account for only about five percent of the oil entering the oceans.
Most spiders have eight eyes in various arrangements.
Snow falls only every two or three years.
Calves remain dependent on their dams until weaned by nine months.
Natural silver contains two stable isotopes.
Tardigrades have two forms of dormancy, namely cryptobiosis and encystment.
Corporate mergers occur when two companies combine.
Poverty kills a child every three seconds.
Promise is a set of five basic promises made to every child in America.
Counterpoint is simply two or more melodies played simultaneously.
Some researchers believe that excess NO creates nicks and breaks in the DNA of neurons.
Pertussis is highly contagious with symptoms that can linger six to ten weeks.
Nuclear plants have between one and three reactors or units located at the same site.
National surveys show that every nine seconds a woman is physically abused.
Cephalopods are the only mollusks with a closed circulatory system with three hearts.
Apples have five seed pockets or carpels.
All reptiles have four legs.
Bulls run in herds and follow the path of the six steers which they let go first.
Light intensity is measured under two sets of conditions.
Temperature is an important parameter for two reasons.
Liposomes have three main advantages over plain dry capsule or tablet delivery methods.
Mayflies emerge as adults, mate, and lay their eggs in the space of about three days.
Wood has three dimensions, width, length, thickness.
Arms also have two kinds, hollow and solid forms.
Poor children are three times more likely to die during their childhood than non-poor children.
Most noma sufferers are under six years of age.
Some infectious diseases have no treatments that work well.
Radiographs show two dimensional representation of three dimensional structures.
Human beings have limited sensitivity ranges in their five senses.
Hearing is acute by three or four weeks and kittens learn to determine what sounds mean.
Black mustard contains two chemicals compounds, myrosin and sinigrin.
Chopsticks are two long, thin, usually tapered, pieces of wood.
Affected trees decline for one to three years before death occurs.
Some ticks feed on only one host throughout all three life stages.
Sarcoidosis causes a variety of symptoms or no symptoms at all.
International law governs two or more nations.
Sleep apnea is defined as the cessation of breathing for ten or more seconds during sleep.
All earwigs have six hooked legs.
Rainfall occurs only in the winter and is followed by eight to nine months of sustained drought.
Most dogs can resume normal activity seven to ten days after surgery.
All matter exists in three dimensional space, both internal and external.
Low temperatures are for brief periods, down to zero at night, sometimes sub zero.
Individuals can lose as much as four liters of sweat per hour during exercise.
Many biologists then classify land biomes into six groups.
Natural tantalum contains two isotopes.
Lobsters have eight walking legs and two legs bearing claws.
Cigarette butts take seven years to decompose and pose a fire hazard.
Females usually mate successfully for the first time between the ages of six and eight.
Aluminum costs about three times as much as steel.
Y are two morphisms and g is quasi-compact and surjective.
Most people work long hours or have two jobs.
Young kiwi continue to grow slowly until they are about four years old.
Bar graphs compare two or more counted or measured things.
Utilitarianism has two moral concepts, equality and utility.
Many scientists consider two subspecies of brown bear.
All loci have one or two alleles.
Couplings connect two pieces of conduit together.
Radioactive atoms emit three different kinds of radiation.
Japan also has three levels of education.
Dehydration is an important concern during the first three weeks of life.
Some tropical bats can have two pregnancies per year.
Sabbats There are usually eight major holy days, or holidays, in the Pagan calendar.
Some people have chlamydia but have no signs or symptoms .
Water is the only substance found on earth naturally in three forms.
Children now account for only four percent of all forest fires caused in the United States.
Organisms inherit two alleles for each trait.
Smoking is the single most preventable cause of mortality, responsible for one in every six deaths.
Cows have to be milked twice, sometimes three times a day.
Sigma is the mean zero point uncertainty, in magnitudes, X is the airmass.
Paganism is the belief in two or more Gods.
Animals respond better to one or two syllable names.
Male goats are capable of siring young at the age of six months.
Lampreys have sucker mouths with rasp-like teeth and seven circular gill openings on each side.
Witches celebrate eight major festivals or sabbats each year.
Some motors contain no gears and spin very fast, and have little if any torque.
Caterpillars usually have five pairs of stumpy prolegs on the abdomen.
Most women have two or three mastectomy bras.
Canvasbacks travel along three major migration corridors, or flyways.
Blood accumulates in three cylindrical spongy sinuses that run lengthwise through the penis.
Lions are able to take down prey three times their size.
Protons are known as baryons, which means that they are made of exactly three quarks.
Tadpoles undergo four remarkable changes that are easy to observe.
Elephants have five toes on the fore feet and four on the hind feet.
Mitosis consists of four phases.
More women suffer from the disease than men in a ratio of five to one.
Most amphibians have four limbs, except for caecilians.
Women are two times more likely to get depression.
Water can come from two places.
Bedbugs can live for six months without feeding.
Some hygienists work for two or more dentists.
Some rams have four fully developed horns, a trait shared by few other breeds of the world.
Cows normally expel the placenta within two to eight hours.
Drug offenders make up about one in four prison inmates nationwide.
Some books claim abductions happen once every five years.
Mature birds boast a wing span of six feet.
Fuels are of three classes, solids, liquids, and gases.
Salvation is based on work through implementing the five pillars in life.
Red raspberries can be either of two types.
Biblical literature points to a minimum of three distinct resurrections.
Water is the only substance on earth found naturally in three forms - solid, liquid, and gas.
Black women are three times more likely to develop lupus than are white women.
Midrange drivers are used in multi-way speakers with three or more driver sizes.
Pyrimidines contain one ring and purines contain two rings.
Giant anteaters are able to reproduce about every nine months.
Irradiated strawberries can remain unspoiled for up to three weeks.
Pickpockets usually work in teams of two or three people.
Faith is a worldwide religion with more than five million members around the globe.
Most infants are sleepy for the first two days.
Plants can uptake ten times more nutrients, and improve soil texture at the same time.
Suckers usually have ten or more comb-like pharyngeal teeth, one row on each pharyngeal arch.
Fire blight is the most difficult to control of the four diseases.
Men are three times more likely to develop esophageal cancer.
Sea lions walk on all four flippers.
Monkeys are classified into two categories.
Gases have little or no interactions between the atoms or molecules.
Females can have calves when they are about four years old.
Fertilization is most likely to occur from intercourse during the six days that end in ovulation.
Fitness is defined by two attributes, energy and safety.
Every eagle is made from twelve different species of feathers, from eight different countries.
Nanos activity is found in the posterior poleplasm of five diverse Dipteran species.
Yellow fever begins suddenly after an incubation period of three to five days.
Infertility affects about two million American men.
Human sperm comes in three varieties, mixed.
Milk is a good source of nine essential nutrients.
Restriction enzymes have two important features.
Some Whales have six times as much gray matter as Humans do.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but some, like the brown recluse spider, only have six.
Women devote their lives to raising families of six, seven and eight children.
Trees can also be air layered but air layering usually takes four to six months to be successful.
Some birds show no signs of disease.
Mature asci are elongate and usually contain eight one-celled ascospores.
Bats have two strategies for weathering the cold.
Mango trees begin fruit production in three years and form fruit quickly.
Humans have two lungs, each fed by one bronchus.
Sexual harassment takes two forms.
Oman is largely a desert land, with five distinct geographical regions.
Excessive absenteeism is more than six days of unexcused absences in any year.
Food waste is transformed into soil-like humus in three to seven days.
Simple vows are a period of temporary commitment and usually lasts three years.
Most data types use all the bit patterns that can be formed with the eight bits of a byte.
Weight loss helps people with diabetes in two important ways.
Condors become sexually mature at about five or six years of age and mate for life.
Colds tend to last seven to ten days, while allergies can go on for weeks.
Planaria has rudimentary eyes which produce no images but detect direction.
Human existence has three aspects - physical, mental and spiritual.
Asthma occurs in African-American children at three times the national rate.
Most girls begin to wear their first coils, weighing as much as three kg, at age five.
Bats actually echolocate using three different systems, depending on the species of bat.
Oranges signify good health, and the number eight sounds like the word for prosperity .
Theobroma oil can exist in four different polymorphic forms of which only one is stable.
Flight dynamics is the science of air and space vehicle orientation and control in three dimensions.
Breast cancer strikes one out of every eight or nine women.
Male moose grow antlers that are approximately five feet wide.
Some children take their first steps at ten months, others at fourteen months.
Scorpions also have eight legs.
Tetrapods are animals that have four legs or leg-like appendages .
Thunderstorms occur infrequently throughout the year, averaging five annually.
Any number multiplied by zero equals zero.
Insects have six legs, two antennae, and three body sections.
Ospreys begin breeding at three or more years.
Any fish can swim near the surface, but it takes a great whale to go down stairs five miles or more.
Visual Arts Remember that nothing three dimensional can extend off the surface of the work.
Domestic Violence tends to follow a cycle of three phases.
Motion begins in the human foetus at about four and one-half months after conception.
Male panthers can measure as much as seven feet from nose to tail.
Technological change contributes to national competitiveness in two ways.
Bananas are eight mao per jin more expensive than apples.
Smokers tend to become disabled and retire early six times more than non-smokers.
Calves are spotted when born and develop their brown coats in six months.
Squids have ten arms, two of which are called tentacles.
Smokeless tobacco is used in two common forms.
Most fibroids cause no symptoms and are discovered during routine pelvic exams.
Exhaust gases make two complete passes through the water.
Islamic art includes calligraphy, or decorative penmanship, but no images of people.
Soil bacteria is classified under two heads, autotrophic and heterotrophic.
Threadworms can also be a problem for foals under six months of age.
Elephants can be pregnant for as long as two years.
Disaccharides are two monosaccharides linked together.
Unaltered dogs are three times as likely to bite.
Ozone is a molecule that consists of three oxygen atoms bonded together.
Bubbles explode if three of same color come together.
Haitian women come six days each week to wash the child's clothing and sheets.
Stroke is our nation's number three killer, and a leading cause of disability for older adults.
Forests have four major functions.
Deserts are regions that receive less than ten inches of rain a year.
Cosmetics come in two types greasy and non-greasy.
Oceanographers have two theories on rip current formation.
Genes control the cell cycle in two very general ways.
Air layering is a technique invented by the Chinese four thousand years ago.
Most colorblind animals have two sets of opsin genes.
Port is Portugal's best known wine, it represents about six percent of the wine production.
Poachers have no qualms about taking immature females.
Most Nymphalid butterflies appear to only have four feet.
Pigs grow very quickly and are normally ready for sale at four to six months of age.
Printing presses use a minimum of four ink colours to accurately reproduce 'full colour' images.
Stars rise four minutes earlier every day, as seen from a given observation point.
Christians make up just over two percent of India's population.
Eastern chipmunks have three dark stripes while the western species has five.
Some dads can handle two or three children.
Christian pantheism derives from two gospel roots.
Female blackflies feed on blood every three to five days.
Cubs start to walk at four months of age.
Most individuals expect to earn three to five times their investment in a relatively short time.
Black people live about six fewer years, on average, than white people do.
Today there are no engineers or scientists.
Nymphs feed and molt five times before becoming adults.
Smokers are ten times more likely to develop lung cancer than nonsmokers.
Polycarbonate lenses are ten times more impact resistant than conventional plastic or glass lenses.
Ear infections occur most often in children between three months and three years of age.
Behavioral individuality begins when movement occurs, six weeks or later.
Females give birth every four to twenty years, and care for the calves for more than a decade.
Photosynthetic autotrophs require four main ingredients to produce carbohydrates.
Men are three times more likely to commit suicide than women.
Monkeys are classified into two distinct groups.
Hair transplantation is an office procedure that takes approximately three to six hours.
Most infected people have no signs or symptoms.
Bacteria acquire genes conferring resistance in any of three ways.
Natural ytterbium is a mix of seven stable isotopes.
Men are about six times less likely to experience violence committed by an intimate.
Abortion remains legal for all nine months of pregnancy, for virtually any reason.
Seasonal records indicate that, in most years, two generations occur.
Antifungal medicines come in three forms.
Subterranean termites construct four types of tubes or tunnels.
Cockroaches reproduce on an average of four times per year.
Bone loss occurs most rapidly in the first five years of menopause.
Recurrent miscarriage is defined as three clinically confirmed early pregnancy losses.
Plants produce three amino acids , leucine, isoleucine and valine .
Interpersonal communication involves two individuals.
Children are more likely than adults to show no symptoms even if they are infected.
Paedophiles have two characteristics.
Interpersonal conflict exists whenever two or more people disagree.
Traditional neon electrifies the inert gas from two directions.
Universes divide to create two similar to cellular patterns.
Most seahorses can breed up to two times a month.
Computers have no emotions and fear.
Weasels have five toes on each of their paws that are tipped with small, non-retractable claws.
Electrons move nine inches a nanosecond.
Vision is arguably the most important of the five senses.
Healthy people can give every eight weeks.
Hypnosis is effective for the treatment of dermatological conditions in three specific ways.
Digestion consists of three processes.
Insects have six jointed legs and three body parts.
Protons contain two up quarks and one down quark.
Cricket is played in two very distinct forms.
Beavers have an average of four young once a year.
Octal numbers are a convenient shorthand for groups of three bits.
Pups stay in the burrows for about six or seven weeks.
Mosquitoes have three body parts and six legs.
District judges are attorneys who are elected on non-partisan ballots for terms of six years.
Bunnies have powerful back legs, They can leap ten feet or more when they are scared.
Electric cars run on electricity alone, so they are zero emission vehicles.
Some people experience no symptoms when first infected.
Most polyps cause no symptoms and take five to seven years to change to cancer.
Cichlids are popular in the aquarium hobby for a four reason.
Many animals use two or three forest structure types.
Some people take four years to become a physicist or mathematician.
Vaccination typically occurs at six to eight weeks of age in kittens.
Daughter nuclei begin to form at the two poles.
Respiratory changes associated with aging include three of the following.
Every paraxial system has two nodal points.
Spatial sensors work in one, two, or three dimensions.
Recent studies suggest that as many as one couple in six suffer from infertility.
Ozone is a very yin gas made up of three atoms of oxygen.
Water is found in three forms - liquid, gas, and solid.
Urinary incontinence costs ten billion dollars a year in direct and indirect costs.
Salt is plastic-like, flexing in all three dimensions under enough pressure.
Narwhals only have two vestigial teeth.
Water intoxication can occur after drinking as little as three litres.
Women are four times as likely as men are to develop osteoporosis.
Shoes typically lose their cushioning after three to six months of regular use.
Crickets produce sound by rubbing their two front wings together.
Coffee has a half-life of four to six hours.
Some particles are colour neutral but have only two quarks.
Eggs are placed in two parallel lines on plants.
Old volcanoes come in three basic shapes.
Most females bear calves once every two years.
Divorce affects one out of every four marriages today.
Circumcisions usually heal within one to two weeks.
Ocelots are the most aquatic of the four animals.
Perennial weeds live for two or more years.
Vehicular feticide is divided into two degrees.
Elephants have nearly a two year gestation period.
Honeybees perform two other types of dance.
Hurricanes have two main parts.
Autism is a developmental disability that typically appears in the first three years of life.
Cancer can develop in any of the four sections of the colon or rectum.
Some Olympic divers can perform up to four and one-half somersaults or twists in a dive.
Heat cramps are the least severe of the three heat-related illnesses.
Most water heaters have a life span of ten to fifteen years.
Properties Naturally occurring zirconium contains five isotopes.
Equids have two basic social systems.
Water exists in three distinct phases at something called the triple point.
Japan can produce nuclear weapons in three months.
Spiders have two fangs.
Earth has four large bodies of water called oceans.
Women experience incontinence two times more often than men.
Platypus usually digs two types of burrows.
Insects have a protein content about five times that of beef.
Normal sleep consists of two types.
Butterflies go through four life stages.
Oxalates exert two very different types of toxic effects.
Timing is the fourth dimension besides the three spatial dimensions.
Digoxin has a delayed onset of action of two hours.
Wingless nymphs hatch from the eggs and go through four to five molts before reaching maturity.
Butterflies have four stages in their life cycle.
Sexual reproduction needs two parents.
Earthquakes generate three types of seismic waves.
Most women experience a menstrual period four to six weeks after a miscarriage.
Bone marrow replenishes itself fully within two weeks.
Posses are groups, each made up of ten students from diverse cultural and economic backgrounds.
Temperature drops throughout the night because of two processes.
Indian reservations are part of five of the nation's ten poorest counties.
Actuators come in three sizes, to move the body, legs and arms respectively.
Quarks are the only fundamental particles that interact through all four of the fundamental forces.
Most birds have four toes.
Koalas can be up to two feet, six inches long.
Energy has two forms which provides either motion or storage.
Manatees have only six neck vertebrae.
Doctors divide spinal cord tumors into three major groups based on where they are found.
Bornean orangutans are divided into three subspecies, each occupying different parts of the Island.
Dicots account for slightly under three quarters of all flowering plants.
Arthropods are divided into five sub-phyla.
Fragrant flowers emerge from pods, staying in bloom six to eight weeks.
Malaria is responsible for the deaths of up to three million persons each year.
Taste is comprised of five primary senses detected on the palate.
Some signs have as many as nine different coats of color.
Creatine is composed of three amino acids, and is made in the liver.
Placental abruption is three times more likely to occur in a multiples pregnancy.
Buffalo horns have no sideways twist as present in cattle horns.
Townships are generally square, six miles long on each side.
Binary files are eight bit files.
Today there are two basic types of darts.
Plankton has two known ancestors.
Lightning is five times hotter than the surface of the sun . . .
Movement is aided by four sets of longitudinal muscles that extend throughout the entire body.
Screws can add up to five times the resistance to uplift forces caused by wind.
Bushes are woody like trees, but have multiple stems and are generally less than ten meters tall.
Babies usually wet the diaper at least six times each day.
Spotted hyenas are the largest of three hyena species.
Magnesium hydroxide contains two hydroxyl groups.
Most Champagnes contain about four atmospheres of carbon dioxide.
Keen eyesight is complemented by two sensitive odour-detecting antennae.
Mice have four leg-foot assemblies and one tail assembly per body.
Most foods contain a combination of all three types.
Systems information is four dimensional because it varies with time.
Justice consists of the proper interplay of the three parts of the soul.
House wrens are small birds, four and a half to five and a four inches in length.
Ruminants have a fore-stomach with four chambers.
Ctenophores have eight rows of comblike plates arranged longitudinally around the body.
Volcanic islands move through eight stages of growth and erosion.
Studies show that childhood obesity is epidemic and that one in five children is overweight.
Rock bass are small to medium sized sunfish, reaching six to ten inches in length.
Cleavage is perfect in two directions, prismatic.
Bubonic plague begins in China and India, killing an estimated three million over the next decade.
Healthcare providers diagnose two general types of insomnia.
Most babies are able to hold their own bottle by the time they are nine months old.
Algal species are included in three eukaryote supergroups.
Heat energy is transmitted in Discussing the seven forms of energy.
Golden eagles are large birds of prey with wingspans exceeding seven feet.
Ordinary matter comes in five forms.
Light breeds starrt to lay at about five months and the heavier breeds at about six months.
Blood Pressure is measured in two numbers.
Food consists mainly of three energy-supplying nutrients.
Corals can reproduce asexually by at least five described strategies.
Nipple clamps increase sensation in two main ways.
Some care providers begin contraceptives as early as five days postpartum, or as late as four weeks.
Indian infants have an average birth weight of nearly seven pounds.
Iron comes in two forms, hard and soft.
Nodal planes are flat and extend infinitely in two dimensions.
Some dogs have no symptoms and can only be identified with an ophthalmic examination.
Most oligochaetes have no gills or similar structures, and simply breathe through their moist skin.
Water exists naturally on the planet in all three states.
Bacteria reproduce by dividing to produce two new cells.
Lightning is five times hotter than the surface of the sun.
Vitamins are organic molecules, as are the four major groups of macromolecules.
Flake graphite can be four times the price of amorphous.
Tumors are of two types, benign and malignant.
Lattices always have a zero origin.
Current weight multiplied by ten roughly equals the calories needed to maintain weight.
Individuals communicate at two levels - conscious and unconscious.
Many genes are redundant, since knocking out some genes result in no obvious phenotype.
Most desktop computers have at least two banks.
Most corporate bonds have a maturity of five years or less.
Winters are cold with about six hours of sunlight.
Spells come from four different schools of magic - light, dark, fire, and water.
Black cutworm has four tubercles of unequal diamter on the top of each body segment.
Blood is tested to match six antigens.
China is home to one out of every five people on earth.
Plants produce two types of stems.
Pharmacists dispense nearly three billion prescriptions a year.
Aromatic oil comes in a ten milliliter bottle.
Rice hulls are quite stable, lasting up to ten years in the soil.
Quinces begin to bear a year or two after planting.
Harvest is usually after two seasons of growth.
Power is derived from two sources, money and people.
Puffins have two sets of eyelids, inner and outer.
Swedes generally get five weeks of vacation each year and much of it is spent outdoors.
Lines of force are three dimensional, surrounding a bar magnet on all sides.
Rabbits can live for five years or more .
Some vowels bring two sounds together.
Cricket usually lays about five eggs, one every other day for ten days.
Mice are fertile animals because female mice come into heat every four to five days.
Malaria is caused by four species of Plasmodium, a unicellular protozoan.
Kingsnakes usually mature within two to three years.
Catalysts are specific for only one or two reactions.
Forests are made up of at least three strata of vegetation.
Mothers suckle only their own babies, and the young stop nursing anywhere from one to five months.
Platelets have a short life-span of only five days.
Stem cells form within four days of conception.
Willows do well on moist, well drained soils and tolerate flooding for up to three weeks a year.
Thrips pose two difficulties regarding chemical controls.
Cold soups come in three different varieties.
Women are four times more likely than men to be attacked by relatives.
Astronauts sleep only six hours each night, on average.
Whales perform four activities while swimming.
Thoroughbreds have four natural gaits-walk, trot, canter and gallop.
Shamrocks can be three of four leafs.
Bimolecular steps involve the collision of two reacting molecules.
Marriage is the physical and spiritual union of two people.
Tobacco smoke contains more than four thousand substances, most of which are harmful.
Anemia is a common problem beginning at about nine months of age.
Rattlers carry the eggs for six or seven months before giving birth.
Soy protein provides all nine missing amino acids, making it a complete protein.
Steroids are lipids whose basic structure is that of four connected hydrocarbon rings.
Dens are of two types depending on water level fluctuations.
Partnerships are like marriages, and they take six months to a year to really develop.
Baryons contain three quarks while mesons contain only two quarks.
Wisdom teeth begin to form at nine years of age.
Most daylilies bloom for four to six weeks.
Some penguins stay in the water for up to five months without coming to land.
Bowhead whales are slow swimmers and usually travel alone or in small herds of up to six animals.
Mitochondrial function depends upon the coordinate action of two genomes.
Fleeces weigh five to ten pounds and have a staple length of six to twelve inches.
Chicks take five years to develop full adult plumage.
Kinetic energy consists of three types of energies.
Cinnabar exists in two crystal forms.
Aquatic adults have prominent red reathery gills, are large, and have four toes on each foot.
Reds mature well for six to eight years.
Female elands reach sexual maturity at three years of age.
Cluster flies are covered with fine golden hairs and have no stripes on the thorax.
Frequent heartburn is defined as heartburn symptoms three or more times per week.
Sharks can be six inches long and yet fully matured.
Heart disease is three times more common amongst smokers.
Liquid crystals lack the full three dimensional position and orientation order of ordinary crystals.
Llamas stand about four feet high at the shoulders.
Organic chemistry is a three dimensional science.
Scientists make monoclonal antibodies by fusing two kinds of cells.
Austrian children are already brand-conscious when they are three years old.
Yoga is no less magical than the power of life itself.
Barn owls live from five to seven years.
Geckos make two distinct noises.
Human cells divide in two ways.
Flies normally have two copies of the trp gene.
Hair usually begins to grow about six weeks after completion of treatment.
Orchids fall into two categories, species and hybrids.
Most trilliums have three, five or six petals and are white, pink or red.
Snow leopards eat almost anything they can catch, often hunting animals three times their size.
Bougainvilleas are thorny and grow huge some reaching more than three stories in height.
Seaweed shares no diseases with land plants.
Earwigs produce one or two generations every year.
Infected pigs can shed the virus in their faeces for up to three to four weeks after infection.
Many people have no symptoms when the disease first arises.
Love is a marriage of two hearts and two souls.
Sharks also have gill slits on their heads rather than gill covers - typically five on each side.
Cactus wrens can have as many as three broods every season.
Ciliates are single-celled eukaryotes with two nuclei.
Parsnips provide lots of healthy fibre - more than four times as much as potatoes.
Wolves can travel five miles in an hour.
Dietary plaques represent the three main divisions of mammals and their specialized teeth.
Nymphs have six legs, and adults have eight legs.
Some earthworms have as many as ten hearts.
Pinks reach maturity in two years.
Scorpions have two body regions, the cephalothorax and the abdomen.
Sunflower oil costs about two times more than diesel fuel.
Snakes have no eyelids or external ears.
Rabbits have three pairs of scent glands used in scent-marking behavior.
Most women are able to go home six to twelve hours after the abortion.
Diabetic women have up to eight times as many malformed babies as other women.
Women are three times more likely to experience SAD than men.
Inflorescences are a group of one to eight flowers on unbranched flowering stalks.
Ceremonial magic is used for two kinds of purposes.
Cheetahs are pregnant for about three months, and it looked like the breeding took.
Regional agencies are agencies with jurisdiction of four or more counties.
Animals belong to the largest and most diverse of the five kingdoms of living things.
Potassium helps maintain fluid regulation and normal pH. All three help normalize.
Some cheese can reach peak condition in a week, while others require up to five years of aging.
Diapsids have two they are the dino.
Most people live in their home between five and seven years before moving.
Skin is classified into six groups according to the tendency to sunburn.
Dolphins communicate by making two types of sounds.
Vaccinations can protect for three to five years.
Scientists think that macaws mate for life, producing one to three young each year.
Cleavage is poor in three directions parallel to the faces of the rhombohedron.
Mares normally give birth to their first foal when they are between three and six years of.
ACE inhibitors have two peculiar side effects.
Bristlecone pines occur in only six western states.
Prairie dogs have only one litter of five pups a year.
Land iguanas reach maturity between eight and fifteen years of age, depending on their size.
Humans have no analogous organ.
Individuals typically inherit two alleles for each gene.
Nonyl phenols are quite toxic, slow to biodegrade, and have no business in any cleaning product.
Genetic variation arises through two processes, mutation and recombination.
Many dogs show no problems until they are six to eight years old or older.
Black youths are seven times as likely to be held in a public detention facility as white youths.
Cats begin to show visible age-related changes at about seven to twelve years of age.
Many humans eat three meals a day at spaced intervals.
Pups are unable to swim or find food until seven to eight weeks old or until the ice melts.
Most vegetables require six hours of sunlight per day.
Roaches have two forewings and two hind wings.
Most people start smoking again within the first three months of quitting.
Ozone is actually three oxygen atoms bonded together.
Litters often become intolerant of each other and disperse at around seven weeks.
Insects have no lungs or centralized respiratory system.
Tobacco is associated with at least eight different cancer sites from mouth to bladder.
Many modern roses originate from only eight to ten wild species.
Atoms are extremely small, on the order of a few ten billionths of a meter.
Relation Describes the type of relationship between the two individuals.
Babies start swimming lessons as young as four weeks old.
Water is the only natural substance which exists in all three states of matter in nature.
Birds have a reversed rear toe that opposes the front three toes and allows birds to perch.
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity at the age of one to three years.
Civets have six mammae.
Silicone is now six times as expensive as rubber.
Most modern computers have eight bits to a byte.
Married women have a one in seven chance of being raped by their husbands.
Most women notice their breasts become fuller and firmer within the first six to eight weeks.
Language codes are usually the first three letters of the language.
Meningococcal disease has two main manifestations, meningitis and septicaemia.
Male blackbucks possess long horns, ringed at the base, and spirally twisted up to five turns.
American centipedes can range in size from a few millimeters to just over six inches in length.
Infant communities are very special environments for toddlers aged approximately one to three years.
Bullfrogs can live up to four years.
Eyes -There are two main type of eyes in anime.
Imago is a group of four young musicians whose love for music is full of passion.
Cardinals are approximately eight and three fourths inches in length.
Scientists divide the Precambrian into three eons.
Insecticides have two impacts.
Most states require car seats for children under four years old.
Coyotes can easily leap an eight foot fence or wall.
Fertilizer is applied according to soil tests taken every three to four years.
Perennials survive three or more seasons.
Many people have no symptoms and are unaware they are infected.
Young trees can make six feet of growth in a single season.
Antibiotic therapy requires a combination of two medications.
Metabolism consists of two types of processes catabolism and anabolism.
Most healthy men experience about three to five erections in their sleep each night.
Some nurseries only take children aged two years and over.
Howlers live in family groups of from five to twenty.
Mature bulls have large sets of antlers, usually with six points, called tines, on each side.
Elephants have no joints in their legs and are the natural enemy of the dragon.
Central processes comprise the vestibular nerve which terminates in the four vest.
Polyploidy is the condition in which each cell contains three or more sets of chromosomes.
Biologists believe that at least three, and perhaps all four of the young successfully fledged.
Currant seeds germinate if stratified for three to four months at temperatures just above freezing.
Most miscarriages occur during the first three months of pregnancy.
Beta diversity relates to two pools relative to each other.
Hydrops fetalis results from four Alpha-chain gene deletions .
Soft money is the unlimited, unregulated money that has no business influencing politics.
Chemotherapy is given intervenously every three to four weeks as tolerated for at least six cycles.
Infected rabbits die within a week or ten days following the onset of the illness.
Scullers use two oars, sweep oarsmen pull just one.
Poisons come in four different forms .
Red squirrels can live for up to six years.
Viruses reproduce via four basic steps.
Comets are a bit like giant dirty ice-balls with diameters between five and fifty kilometres.
Streams are three dimensional ecosystems.
Biologists recognize four races of desert bighorn.
Some dogs can jump six feet in the air from a sitting position.
Rats can jump three feet in the air from a flat surface and leap four feet horizontally.
Gravity is the force that brings two objects together .
Plants grow two to three feet tall.
Resonant converters are another example of zero voltage switching.
Porcupines have four toes on their front paws and five on their rear paws.
Back pain is considered chronic when it has lasted more than three months.
Some kittens eat four or five times a day.
Compulsive Disorder affects about sixty- nine per ten thousand people in any given year.
Corona shows no signs of slowing down.
Most organs have at least two .
Binary distillation separates two chemicals.
Cigarette smokers are ten times more likely to die of lung cancer than nonsmokers.
Most museums keep between one and ten percent of their collections on display at any one time.
Number represents mean of the reaction on three plants.
Lazy eye develops rapidly during the first three years of life.
Cuboids have six faces, which form a convex polyhedron.
Fashion is a business which changes every three months.
Cancer is among the three leading causes of death in all age groups, except very young children.
Elastic collisions are collisions in which there is no loss of kinetic energy.
All elements fit into nine crystal structures.
Rocket candy is made of three different parts.
Synchronized swimmers practice eight hours a day, six days a week.
Recent studies show that one in every five school children has a major allergy.
Men are souls located in minds that physically deteriorate with age four times faster than women.
Most birds have an arrangement of three toes forward and one backwards.
Cougars have four toes with three distinct lobes present at the base of the pad.
Red algae are haplo-diplonts with a complicated life cycle that often involves three phases.
Continents are the seven main divisions of land on Earth.
Some chemicals contain several compounds that are effective on all three fungi.
Shamans live in two worlds at the same time.
Standard parsley develops attractive, green, curly leaves about six or eight inches tall.
Most vegetables require moisture to a depth of six to eight inches.
Mountain goats have two sharp horns.
Plastic containers cause syrup to darken after only three months of storage.
Boys develop pyloric stenosis four to five times more often than girls.
Quadratic elements have six nodes per element, rather than three.
Traffic lights have three colors.
Eyes begin to open at twenty eight to thirty days.
Sugar gliders give off two types of odors.
Charm quarks' or 'c quarks' are the third most massive of the six quarks.
Cotyledons are spatulate with three large veins.
Many factors can stimulate a person's growth through the three levels of moral development.
Scorpions are nocturnal, have eight legs and have a tail that curves upward toward the back.
Trout can live for about seven years.
Energy always moves in two directions.
Midwives often work in teams of two or three.
Soft corals come in shapes that look like whips, plumes, or fans and have only eight tentacles.
Solvent abuse kills eight times more people every year than the dreadful drug ecstasy.
Petunias do best when fertilized every four weeks or so with a water-soluble fertilizer.
Some solenoids have two small studs.
Breathing disorders are responsible for one in seven deaths in the United States.
Alcoholism is about four times more common in men than in women.
Environmentalists warn that six turtle species are in severe decline from over-exploitation.
Natural neodymium is a mixture of seven stable isotopes.
Cottonmouths have a lifespan of less than ten years.
Asterisks indicate conserved amino acids among the three species.
Human feet bear average five to six hundreds tons of weight everyday.
Tuberculosis is an airborne infection that kills three million people each year.
Rabbits produce two types of feces.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but some have fewer.
Baseball has streaks and teams play three or four games in a row, on consecutive days.
Cells contain four families of small organic molecules.
Ethernets come in three flavors, called thick and thin , respectively, and twisted pair .
Human astrocytes contain two distinct angiotensin receptor subtypes.
Salt prints are the most modern of the three photographic processes.
Hypertension affects nearly one in three adults.
Hedgehogs are eighteen to twenty five ounces when grown up.
Many fireflies live for up to two months long.
Red raspberry leaves Take two capsules with one meal daily.
Most European countries are at zero or negative population growth.
Miscarriages generally take place in the first two trimesters.
Platypuses have a three different coats, and their fur is a brown color.
Polymers are little crystals whcih absorb and retain four hundred times their weight in water.
Dandelions reproduce in two ways.
Scientists currently recognize two distinct types of killer whales.
Pigeons usually lay two white eggs.
Most veterinarians recommend spaying between four and six months of age.
Every cell has eight neighbour cells and belongs to a cell type.
Ceiling fans create enough air movement in a room to make it feel cooler by four degrees or more.
Birds have three eyelids, and so do dogs and cats.
Skink populations are found in four widely separated areas in western Connecticut.
Coral reefs are the centerpiece of three sanctuaries.
Drug resistance is important for two reasons.
Menstrual uncleanness lasts for seven days.
Slugs have no legs but they do have something called a foot which is used for locomotion.
Embryos hatch in two months.
Crustaceans have two pair of antennae.
All vegetative cells contain two sets of chromosomes.
Females can only have four babies at one time.
Young rats are sexually mature in about three months.
Most butterflies experience five instars over a period of three to six weeks.
Crustaceans have five pairs of appendages.
Blood clots can form in the legs after four or more hours sitting in a tight space.
Muscle tissue demands eight times the calories that fat requires.
Rabies takes two distinct forms.
Phalanges Compose the skeletal structure of the three digits or fingers that persist in the bird.
Biennials live during two growing seasons.
Governments come and go every four years.
Pork is a key part of three of the top five fastest-growing meal segments in food service.
Binary distillation is a separation of only two chemicals.
Dicots are plants that have two cotyledons.
Silver has two other unique properties.
Gorillas live in groups than can range between five and thirty members.
Some migraines have no headaches at all.
Natural rhenium is a mixture of two stable isotopes.
Earrings have latching backs with two different colored pearls.
Termites go through six moltings, or instar stages, as they mature from nymph to adult.
Starlings are rather chunky birds, about eight inches long, with short square tails.
Young bats grow rapidly and are able to fly within three weeks.
Most skink species have short legs that are well-formed and a few have no legs at all.
Nymphs emerge in five to seven days and flatten themselves against the leaf to feed.
Bushbabies usually sleep in social groups of eight to twenty members.
Diabetes can take eight years off people's lives, according to a UK study.
Scripture continually assigns seven as the number of the remission of sins.
Some cultures yield five or six species, and they are assigned consecutive letters.
Common shiners are generally three to four inches long, but can grow as large as six inches.
Electronic ballast provides instant-on, flicker free light and lasts for up to five years.
Water tends to form aggregates in which four other molecules surround each water molecule.
Insurers use reinsurance to protect against catastrophes in two ways.
Roasts start to fly when they are three mouths old.
Dogs have two forms of melanin in their coats.
Small birds can feed without harassment by larger birds on short perches - or no perches at all.
Cancer is the end result of approximately eight contributing mutations in the tumor cell.
Bytes are sets of eight bits.
Some people have eyes of two different colors.
Hawks have three toes pointing forward and one pointing backwards.
Cheetahs reach sexual maturity at around two years of age.
Insects have three main body parts, and six legs.
Badgers live in social groups of five to ten related individuals.
Volume is the amount of three dimensional space an object occupies.
Watercraft fall into two categories, lighterage and floating utility.
Arachnids are terrestrial arthropods, which have simple eyes and four pairs of legs.
Cancellous bone has five times the available surface area compared with compact, or cortical bone.
Young rats reach reproductive maturity in about three months.
Most fats ingested are triglycerides i.e. three fatty acid chains connected to a glycerol molecule.
Thermal energy causes the atoms of all solids above absolute zero to vibrate.
Some children have intermittent sleep problems through age eight or so.
Insects have three pairs of legs and are usually winged.
Couples often date from one to three years before getting engaged.
Insects have three body sections - a head, a thorax and an abdomen.
Breast cancer strikes one in eight women.
Bivalves have two shells sandwiched together.
Women live an average of seven years longer than men.
Mongooses are mostly terrestrial, moving on all four limbs.
Some pearls can develop in a period of six months.
Cougars have five toes on the forepaws and four on the hind paws.
Hummingbird feathers have two different ways of producing color.
Sponges can filter a volume of water equal to their own body every five to twenty seconds.
Profanity knows no bounds regarding either class, race, gender, education, or geography.
Exorcism leaves seven dead .
Snowflakes have six sides.
Protons only have two positive attachment points.
Starlings produce an average of five eggs in each clutch.
Maturation occurs rapidly, and pups are weaned from their mother's milk in four to five weeks.
Shammies Celebrate birthdays with two sizes of birthstone wearing bears.
Pheasants grow two sets of primaries the first year.
Outdoor polo is played with four riders per team.
Women are four times more likely than men to experience common migraines.
Mountains have two separate precipitation patterns.
Natural selection affects the distripution of phenotypes in three ways.
Most eels have no scales and are protected by a layer of slippery mucus.
Giant saguaros can weigh as much as five tons when filled with water.
Plants mature within two to three months from seeds.
Male Cooters mature quicker then females, in about three years.
Dogs can die in less than ten minutes in a hot car.
Substance abusers have three hundred percent higher medical costs and benefits.
Conjugation occurs when bacteria is passed through two joined prokaryotes.
Most fairy rings are only present for one to four or five years and eventually die.
Most caterpillars live from about two weeks to a month.
Tobacco use kills more people everyday than three jumbo jet crashes.
Pregnant women can get flu shots, preferably after the first three months of pregnancy.
Ascidian tunicates come in three main forms.
Wolves can live for two weeks without food.
Secondary tissues develop from two meristems.
Sensuality involves all five of the senses.
Women are three times as likely to become depressed as men.
Jellies have a very complex life cycle which includes four phases.
All quadrilaterals have four angles.
Groundhogs usually have two separate dens.
Routers are basically systems, which connect two networks together.
Poodles come in three poodle sizes and shapes.
Snakes have no legs and no ears.
Gestation is two to three months in most species.
Massless particles have zero rest mass.
Poor people have a death rate as much as three times higher than that of other groups.
Tiny insects suck the life out of the vine, usually taking three to five years to fully destroy it.
Love is two things after each other.
Loons can dive two hundred feet deep.
Adolescents get colds about two to four times a year.
Insects go through either three or four stages.
Winter is the best of the four seasons.
Egyptian culture boasts five millennia of recorded history.
Foreclosures occur on other types of property after two years.
Elephants replace their teeth six times .
Most fruiting bodies contain two toxins, ibotenic acid and muscimol.
Sponges have no nervous system .
SPR leather is tanned by three separate processes for extra stength and resistance.
Crab spiders have two pairs of legs projecting forward.
Vegetation is divided into five layers.
Turkey has seven geographic regions.
Lake sturgeon have sharp, cone-shaped mouths with four smooth barbels on the underside.
Modern marsupials are of two kinds.
T tetrahedron A volumetric connection element that connects four positions in a field.
Most soda has no vitamins or protein.
Obesity affects one in five children in the United States.
Some airports have two parallel runways.
Healthy people recover rapidly in two to five days.
Elephants rise two inches when they inhale.
Hockey teams can only have six players on the ice at one time.
Tobacco causes one in three cancers deaths world-wide.
Scientists believe that our galaxy contains five to ten times as much dark matter as visible stars.
State law requires that all dogs and cats over four months of age receive rabies shots.
Waves consistently break at heights of ten to fifteen, sometimes twenty-five feet.
Boys begin learning to shoot at age seven or eight.
Tropical rainfall comprises more than two thirds of global rainfall.
Currency is a fixed-point number with four digits to the right of the decimal point.
Prokaryotes are organisms with cells that have no nucleus or membrane-enclosed organelles.
Tigers are great swimmers, and they can swim three or four miles easily.
Insects have only three pairs of legs.
Alcohol tends to produce large-amplitude tremors that persist for at least four seconds.
Ozone is a gas composed of three atoms of oxygen.
Most sharks have five different types of fins, while some sharks only have four.
Girls can start their periods as young as eight years old.
Some people can have salmonellosis but have no symptoms at all.
File types are four characters that are used to identify files.
Sheep have hoofs that is divided into two toes.
Cuttlefish have eight arms and two tentacles.
Breast cancer accounts for one out of every three cancer diagnoses in the United States.
Most women avoid using during the five to seven days of menses.
All vertebrates produce interferons, and all appear to produce the three major classes.
Creatine is a high-energy compound comprised of three amino acids.
Antibiotic therapy helps some dogs, even when there is no obvious infection.
Single lambs weigh about eight pounds, twins, four to five pounds.
Wrought aluminium is identified with a four digit number which identifies the alloying elements.
Diploid organisms have two alleles for each trait.
Most animals have three kinds of teeth.
Domestic violence occurs in one out of five South Asian families, experts estimate.
Acorns mature in two years.
Y are two morphisms in a site C .
Weights are usually numbers between zero and one.
Dogs have only four toes.
Mammals nourish young with milk, have a four- chambered hear, four legs, and breath with lungs.
Ice cover is complete for about nine months of the year and is predominantly landfast ice .
Bifurcation is when a system continually splits into two branches.
Hearts is a four player card game where the object is to score the least amount of points.
Chinese cooks use two temperatures of oil for deep frying.
Hindu myths imagine the universe being upheld by four elephants standing on a turtle's back.
Child care is provided for children ages six weeks through four years of age.
Many people have diabetes for about five years before they show the symptoms of diabetes.
Structural unemployment is high with about one in three persons officially unemployed.
Dogs have four legs, but walk on one path.
Skittles come in five colors.
Today there are no snakes in Ireland.
Norwegian authorities recommend eating fruit and vegetables five times a day.
Bone loss starts as soon as six months from loss of menstruation.
Maine is the largest of the six New England states.
Many countries require that a passport have at least six months validity left.
Hamsters can live to be three to four years old.
Unpolarized light is incident on two ideal polarizers in series.
Clovers occasionally have four leaflets, instead of the usual three.
Bracken fern contains at least two animal toxins.
Triangles are polygons of three sides.
Telephone numbers count as two words.
Physical science is divided into two main branches.
Cancer cells die, tumors shrink, and no side-effects are caused in any other tissues.
White light is divided into six colors of the visible spectrum.
Podetium passes through three growth stages.
Poverty comes in at least four different forms.
Miscarriage occurs in the first six months of the pregnancy.
Agricultural products account for two thirds of export earnings.
Lines generally have two contours on surfaces, providing optic contrasts.
Infants grow to three times their birth weight by their first birthday.
Display devices are two monitors connected to a computer.
Most hyphenated words count as two words.
Latex allergy affects approximately three million people in the United States.
Female snakes incubate eggs inside of their bodies, giving birth to live young of ten or more.
Most people work seven days a week.
Isoelectric point is that point where there is zero net charge on the protein.
Benzene burns quite well because it's built around rings of six carbon atoms.
Women are four times more likely than men to develop foot problems.
Television is the most influential medium - there are three major terrestrial networks.
New hair can be visible within four weeks of completing chemotherapy.
Autism is four times more common in boys than girls.
Wolves have two different types of fur.
Control is defined as a dead plant with no signs of life.
Greed is covetousness, with covetousness being a foundation stone in all of the seven deadly sins.
Chicks swim as soon as they hatch and can fly within three months.
Description is the first of four basic kinds of writing.
Ice worms are tiny, roughly three quarters of an inch in length.
Government buildings fly flags of the two nations.
Sexual maturity takes two years.
Most cats play host to some form of parasite during their nine lives.
Most gerbils live three to four years and have few health problems.
Some organisms can reach maturity and divide in just ten to thirty minutes.
All organs are composed of the same four kinds of tissues.
Metals have one, two, or three electrons in their outermost shell.
Colors Use the three light sources to demonstrate the effect of mixing red, blue, and green light.
Bee stings kill four times as many people in the United States as snake bites.
Parakeets have up to eight babies.
Salt is made up of two chemicals, sodium and chloride.
Bilateral animals have three axes of symmetry.
Infective endocarditis affects eight times as many elderly men as elderly women.
Formal rush is a set of four parties held during the third week of the fall semester.
Mediators use two skills to help people communicate.
Asbestos is a mineral fibre which exists in three main forms.
Bison mature at three years old.
Humans have four basic types of tissues.
Catamarans have two hulls and are noted for their stability.
Olympic athletes tour the country every four years after the Olympics.
Space is laid out randomly in two dimensions.
Electricity can move around a circuit in two different ways.
Most people change careers four to seven times during the course of their life's work.
Hybrid vigor occurs when two inbred populations are crossed.
Stroke affects more than three quarters of a million people every year.
Sharks have five gill slits on each side of the head.
Suicide is the number two killer of college students.
Winter dens usually consist of six females and their young.
Snails can penetrate a shell as thick as five millimeters.
Most commercial orchards have no indigenous populations of flies.
Condoms are one dollar for three condoms.
Mosquitoes can develop in any stagnant water that lasts more than four days.
Satellites allow fast transmission over immense distances with no loss of signal.
Clinical depression lasts for at least three months.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of cells from two parents.
Human bodies require at least six hours of sleep every day to stay active and alert.
Most psychologists agree there are four types of stalkers.
Babies are born about five weeks after mating .
Sharks can be six inches long and fully mature.
Benzodiazepines are useful in treating three of the following four.
Bivalves have two shells or valves connected by a hinge.
Education is compulsory for children between the ages of six and ten.
Dust can reach as high as six miles above the surface and settles very slowly.
Bulbs sometimes contain only five or so very large cloves with elongated tips.
Many people have few or no symptoms of infection.
Brachiopods are marine invertebrates with two dissimilar shells.
Japanese peonies have five or more petals and a center of feathery structures called staminodes.
Ozone is made up of three oxygen atoms.
Mantras take three forms.
Skin is made up of two distinct layers.
Normal humans have only two strands in a double-helix formation.
Most spike fiddles have three or fewer strings.
All major religions have two aspects.
Compounds are two or more elements chemically combined.
Carpels are the innermost of the four whorls of modified leaves that make up a flower.
Electromechanical response depends on the interaction of four fundamental variables.
Symbolic figures serve two primary functions in social action systems.
Trees have three main parts - the leaves, the trunk and the roots.
Many children have a low-grade fever one to seven days before the cough starts.
Women are three times more likely than men to have episodes of clinical depression.
Mental illness is three times more common than cancer.
Children are consistently vulnerable to sexual abuse from age three on.
Photons have no mass and no electrical charge.
Water is composed of two hydrogen and one oxygen molecules.
Meiosis yields four haploid nuclei.
Lactase is composed of two sugars.
Evangelists are still at work proclaiming the gospel to the world's six billion people.
Burdocks can grow very large, over six feet tall, with enormous leaves.
Advanced antihistamines are available for children ages two and up.
Guinea pigs are rodents just like mice and hamsters, so they have only four long teeth.
Children grow outward emotionally between four and five years of age.
Green turtles have two main nesting areas.
Blood pressure is measured by two numbers.
Ferrets live up to ten years and are on the endangered species list.
Shanghai has a subtropical maritime climate, four distinct seasons and moderate rainfall.
Aboriginal people are four times as likely to suffer loss or death by house fire.
Overweight people outnumber underweight people by more than ten to one in North America.
American women are four to six times more likely to die of heart disease than of breast cancer.
Suicide now ranks in the top five causes of death in the United States.
Trout can spawn up to four times before dying, unlike the above salmon species.
Ozone is a unique molecule containing three oxygen atoms that form an isosceles open triangle.
Cancer can invade any of the four sections of the colon, or the rectum.
Most substances can exist in all three states, depending on the temperature.
Uterine cancer ranks number four on the list of most common cancers to strike women.
Most women die within five years.
Nightmares happen frequently in childhood, especially between the ages of three and six.
Musical usage predates the psychiatric by nearly three centuries.
Most flowers consist of four series of parts.
Females generally give birth to only three or four surviving young during their reproductive life.
Sexual maturity is around eight months.
Eclipses vary from just a few minutes to nearly five hours in length.
Owls have four toes on each foot, like most birds.
Panthers begin to breed at about three years of age.
Songbirds sing the most about one-half hour before sunrise to four hours after sunrise.
Voles leave no mounds at all behind.
Fiction is the line which connects two facts.
Coyotes can often live six to eight years in the wild.
Plants grow in two ways, cell division and cell expansion.
Friendship is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Pollen grains have two very important attributes.
Bond pricing has exactly three degrees of freedom.
Humans have basically three different types of muscle fibers.
Frogs have skin with no scales or hair.
Barnacles grow in six neatly fitted plates that overlap to form a ring.
Female nymphs have four instars.
Muskrats are very prolific and can reproduce up to six times per year.
Wolves are large dog-like animals whose head and body length, combined, is about four feet.
Foxes have an average home range varying from one to four miles.
Most people become ill two to seven days after infection.
Ants have four stages in their life cycle.
Queens live an average of on to three years.
Beetles are like all insects, they have a head, thorax, and abdomen, and six legs.
Ospreys pose two problems to rehabilitators.
Baseball is played by a number of two sport athletes.
Liberated souls have no karmas and therefore, they are no longer in the cycle of birth and death.
Chacoan peccaries are the largest of the three peccary species.
Aborted women face a suicide risk nine times greater than that of non-aborted women.
Mild depression affects about one in three women and one in six men.
Most people lose a pound every one to two days.
Some experts believe whining peaks around the ages of three or four.
Peripheral joints show no signs of inflammation.
Camels run about seven feet tall.
Sphericity is calculated using three different formulas.
Most male walruses are sexually mature at about eight to ten years.
Compound leaves grow in groups of three toothy parts.
Stevia is an economical natural sweetener with virtually no calories or aftertaste.
Modern scientists estimate the volume of eruptive material at almost four cubic kilometers of magma.
Plant bulbs two and one-half times deeper than their diameters.
Possums spend the first four months of their lives in their mother's pouch.
Wing feathers are now ten months old and continue to fade and wear.
Mitral prolapse is present in almost one in four young women.
Aardwolves live entirely on two species of termites.
People can go without food for up to about three weeks.
Bone mass begins to decline at thirty five to forty years of age.
Rattlesnakes can produce two types of neurotoxins.
Every person carries two alleles of most genes.
Roman refers to the fact that the pope has lived in Rome for over five hundred years.
White bison are extremely rare, historically appearing only once in every five million births.
Some insects have two transitions points.
Water exists in three states- solid, liquid, and gaseous.
Schizophrenia includes three so-called negative symptoms.
Psychology has two specific aspects scientific and professional.
Hippos have four webbed toes on each foot and typically reside in slow-moving or still waters.
Wrens often have two broods per season.
Many plants live for more than two years.
Ugly women can drown in three feet of water.
Wheat is pseudo hexaploid, containing a set of diploid chromosomes from each of three ancestors.
Enzyme enhancement is stimulated in two ways.
Many vultures have a bald head , with no feathers .
Deserts originate by several different mechanisms that result in five types of deserts.
Braids can last up to six months, but varies from person to person.
Autotrophic organisms can use all three forms.
Humans grow with two sets of teeth.
Beavers live in families that include an adult pair and one to three years worth of offspring.
Most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors .
Calmagite indicator has two -OH groups with acidic protons.
Most mothers give birth to one young an average of every five to six years in the wild.
Females become sexually mature at the age of five years.
Larval stages extend upto three months and the pupal period for nearly three months.
Viremia lasts for approximately five days, but can last as long as twelve days.
Termite colonies can number up to three million inhabitants.
Camels have three sets of eyelids.
Comets have three distinct parts, the nuculeus, coma, and the ion tail.
Viremia begins after six days and persists until fever abates.
Young chuckwallas have four or five broad bands across the body, and three or four on the tail.
Carbon is stored in four main reservoirs.
Pomegranates range in size from three to five inches in length.
Most fish can go a week to ten days without food and be just fine.
Butterflies account for only eight percent of the lepidopteran insect species.
Trees grow rapidly, often three to four feet or more in a single growing season.
Rafts consist of two or more resting otters.
Ribbons signify the tying together of two lives.
Carrots are used for carbs and fibre, and have no similarities to grains whatsoever.
Mares abort suddenly without signs of illness, and the fetus shows no signs of degenerative change.
Young salmon spend one to four years in their natal river.
Cubic polynomials happen to have two of that kind.
Pressed caviar contains four times more roe than fresh caviar of the same weight.
Plants grow up to three feet tall and spread to about three feet.
Scorpions are arthropods with six legs and stingers on the ends of their tails.
Pygmy marmosets are only about six inches tall as adults.
Plants go through two stages of dormancy.
Anthrax usually is a fatal disease with no symptoms observed.
Armyworms consume tremendous amounts of grass in their last three days before pupating.
Gravitation is the attraction of two objects with mass.
Hours refer to the religious divisions of the day into eight periods of time.
Poisonous mushrooms outnumber edible mushrooms more than ten to one.
Plants generally bear four to six pairs of lance-shaped, smooth leaves.
Oral cancer kills one in three who develop the disease but survivors can be severely disfigured.
Golden eagles acquire their adult plumage within approximately five years.
Most marginal plants can live in zero to six inches of water.
Nymphs reach adulthood in six to eight weeks.
Some prisons house up to seven times their capacity.
Spring is the season where the other three seasons fight for a place it seems.
Turtles reach their full size in less than ten years.
Cased glass shows two different glass colors together.
Spadefoot toads spend nine months of every year underground.
Most women get normal periods and ovulation within three months of stopping the pill.
All insects have six legs, and all spiders have eight legs.
Crustaceans mostly live in water and have at least ten legs.
Professional childcare is provided for babies through three year olds.
Hockey plays a big role at Six Nations.
Advanced countries use steel about three to five times more than cement compared to India.
Cottontail rabbits live up to ten years in captivity.
Defibrillators can help people, but only within about the first ten minutes of a heart attack.
Hummingbirds feed throughout the day, at intervals as often as every eight to twelve minutes.
Ozone is three oxygen atoms bonded together.
Airplanes have two magnetos for safety reasons.
Women are five to eight times more likely than men to suffer thyroid disorders.
Eye donation can give precious sight to two individuals.
Whales are abundant, and some six species of seals are found in the area.
Dodecaphonic music is based on a series of ten notes.
Orangutans have no serious predators except humans.
Rats are approximately ten times bigger than mice.
Many luminous shrimps are known but no luminous crabs .
Fences is a game for two players.
Radon causes no symptoms of irritation and no acute illness.
Most eels have no scales and are protected by a layer of slippery mucus.
Electrical transformers come in two categories, wet and dry.
Particulate filters can increase the useful life of a coalescer by up to six times.
Eagles perch high back in the hills, and still six feet of snow.
Astronomers believe that seven binary star systems they have observed probably contain black holes.
Astrobiology addresses three basic questions, which have been asked in some form for generations.
Frustration is caused by two factors - equipment and environment.
Babies can lose heat rapidly, as much as four times more quickly than adults.
All wealth is inherited wealth in a static economy with zero saving.
Plants provide as much as three thousand pounds of forage per acre per year for animals.
Scoliosis occurs about five times more frequently in girls.
Some killdeers raise two broods per breeding season.
Presidential inaugurations happen every four years.
Sea level is likely to rise by two feet .
Smokers have ten times the risk of developing diseases as non-smokers.
Humans have two eyes, but their color can be different.
Intensity is defined as the average of the extreme anomalies during three consecutive months.
All crabs have one pair of chelipeds and four pairs of walking legs .
Miracles are signs that point in two directions.
Most musicians compose music within one or possibly two genres.
Scientists believe that giant squids live for less than five years.
Wood chips can last about two years.
Arteries have a thick wall that consists of three layers.
Most starfish have five arms, but a few species have more, as many as fifty arms.
Livestock produces three to four times the amount of waste that of the average person.
Badgers walk on the soles of their feet much like bears, showing five toes in their footprints.
Ankle sprains, muscle strains, and shin contusions are soccer s three most common injuries.
Octopuses have three hearts .
Every fraction has two numbers.
Fothergillas have no serious insect or disease problems.
Opium contains two family of alkaloids.
Every citizen actually has two rights to vote.
Carrots take a week to germinate in summer and up to three weeks in cool spring soil.
Reef fish assemblages on submerged lava flows of three different ages.
Most red knots live four or five years.
Women can have hot flashes or insomnia ten years before they have their last menstrual period.
Diabetes can have no symptoms at all and if left untreated can damage the kidneys and eyes.
Molecules are two or more atoms stuck together.
Aerobic respiration is composed of three separate processes.
Thermal printing uses no consumables other than thermal paper.
Eggs contain no trans fat.
Most surgical abortions take anywhere from five to fifteen minutes.
Trinity comes from tri-unity which means three in one.
Sexual maturity is reached at four years for females, and six years for males.
Immunization slows down the time to market by about four days.
Onion thrips experience four instars.
Earthworms are also divided into three subcategories depending on their ecosystem.
Divine births take place immediately without the nine months weary course of mortal gestation.
Most chimpanzees spend about seven hours a day feeding.
Nymphs are smaller versions of the adults and larvae resemble nymphs but have only six legs.
Rosettes grow close to the ground and bear leaves averaging six inches in height.
Staminate flowers develop in groups of three at each bract.
Numbers Write numbers from zero to nine as words.
Deciduous teeth begin to be replaced from three weeks until approximately four months of age.
Ball pythons can stay connected for up to two days.
Spirits are four dimensional creatures and therefore are see-through and can pass through walls.
Medieval knights use two types of swords.
Cockatiels carry fat in two locations in the body.
Most families have between five and eight children.
Mutations involving the rearrangement of the DNA nucleotides is caused in four distinct ways.
Scalars are in fact zero rank tensors.
Statistics show that at the age of seventy, there are five women to every man.
Every positive number has two square roots.
Long tentacles dangle from the four corners of the sea wasp's body.
Calves survive on their mother's fat-rich milk for six to eight months.
Psychosocial development involves eight distinct, fixed, universal stages.
Gerbils usually live to be about three years old.
Accumulators serve two important functions.
Beryllium is six times stiffer than steel and a third lighter than aluminum.
Tsetse transmit trypanosomes in two ways, mechanical and biological transmission.
Human gestation is divided into three trimesters of three months each.
Females generally give birth by age ten to eleven in captivity and thirteen to fifteen in the wild.
Some spores contain two or more nuclei.
Filters come in two main shapes, round and square.
Axons extend for as long as four feet in humans.
Some families have two daddies or two mommies.
Plants are our only source of the eight essential sugars that are needed for a healthy diet.
Young walleye have six or seven dark saddle marks on their backs.
Weather radar can detect six different intensities of precipitation, assigning a color to each.
Manatees comprise three of the four living species in the order Sirenia .
Heart disease increases stroke risk six times above normal.
Ponies lose their baby teeth by five years, then their big teeth gradually wear down.
Paper production represents seven percent of the Spanish chemical industry.
Some vaccines combine two strains of the same species.
Lions have nine distinct vocalizations including roars, grunts and growls.
Form is the impression that objects within an image occupy three dimensional space.
Songbirds have two sets of vocal chords.
Cows come ashore two days before giving birth.
Procreation only occurs when two organisms are in adjacent spaces.
Eastern oysters grow to three to five inches in length, but can reach a length of eight inches.
Foresters usually work eight hours a day, five days a week.
Female flies have four crossbands on the abdomen, and males have three.
Moths have three body parts and six legs.
Caterpillars have three true legs.
Most species have two pairs of wings.
Mice become sexually mature in just a couple months and produce about eight litters in one year.
Digital photography is about three years away from being able to replace film photography.
Japan is an extremely safe country with no worries or fears about allowing one's children to roam.
Female cats have two X's in each cell.
Newborn pandas cry for milk about every two hours.
Every person is a carrier for about ten rare genetic conditions.
Accidents happen when impatient motorists try passing four and five vehicles at a time.
Tiger cubs are born after a gestation period of three and a half months.
Goats can produce five to six litres of milk per day.
All capacitors have two connections, or leads.
Stevia is thirty times sweeter than sugar with no calories or nutrients.
Hyenas are Africa's second largest predator capable of killing prey three times their own weight.
Alkaline batteries last five to eight times as long as zinc-carbon cells, their predecessors.
Semitic words have three letter roots.
Divorced men are nearly six times as likely to be murdered as married men.
Fruit flies have five pairs.
Hoppers begin egg laying one to three weeks after reaching the adult stage.
Diplomacy happens a lot when two or more countries fight.
Gymnosperms produce two types of spores, microspores and megaspores.
Scorpions have three parts, adding a tail to the arachnid cephalothorax and abdomen.
Crystal cruise is a luxury six star Cruise line.
Braille is written with a combination of six raised dots on stiff white paper.
Most injury is caused by the six nymphal instars.
Radiation accounts for two thirds of the heat loss.
Immature insects require a blood meal each of the five times they molt.
Acids are harmful in two ways.
Most batteries have a life span of three to five years.
Scientists generally define fossils as being at least ten thousand years old.
Hundredths indicate two digits after a decimal point.
Cnidarians have two basic body forms, medusa and polyp.
Rats tend to feed in one or two locations.
Extension is the natural motion opposite to flexion at the zero starting position.
Cockroaches can run up to three miles in an hour.
Most birds have four toes on their feet.
Children typically drown in under three minutes.
Domains always have two or more parts, separated by dots.
Elderberry supplements seem to have few risks when used daily for up to five days.
Full sun is defined as at least four hours of direct sunlight per day.
Blister beetles have seven instars and overwinter as mature larvae in the soil.
Negative numbers are left of zero on a number line .
Autism is a developmental disability that often appears during the first three years of life.
Mesons are combinations of two quarks .
Plants have roots for two main reasons.
Insect eyes come in two types, simple and compound .
Black doctors are also five times more likely to be general practitioners than specialists.
Most spiders live only a year or so, molting five or six times before reaching maturity.
Humans also walk upright on two legs.
Meerkats can have one to seven babies at one time .
Steroids are lipids made of four fused carbon rings.
Data integrity is the assurance that no changes have been made to information that has been sent.
Females often have litters of up to seven kittens four to five times a year.
Rural folk are four times more likely to get sick than urban dwellers.
Optometrists attend four years of graduate study.
Every animal is run by three primary instinctual drives.
Lake Geneva is in Southeastern Wisconsin, ten miles north of the Illinois state line.
Geckos have small round bodies, with two pairs of legs.
Blood pressure is governed by three main factors and there are medications that address each one.
All lithosphere is composed of two layers of differing composition.
Fats consist of a glycerin molecule with three fatty acids attached.
Chemistry is divided into two components - organic and analytical.
Aluminum accounts for about three quarters of the materials used in making aircraft.
Any solid angle is contained by plane angles whose sum is less than four right angles.
Reptiles Note five vertebral regions, cervical, thoracic, lumbar, sacral and caudal.
Seraphs have six wings, and their voices can shake doorposts and thresholds.
Females stop giving milk and animals of both sexes stop growing for about three weeks.
Penile cancer occurs almost exclusively in the uncircumcised male at a rate of eight per million.
Cats have two sets of vocal cords.
Yellow fever can kill within four to eight days of the onset of the disease.
Wolves have five toes on each of their front feet and four toes on each of their back.
Primary prophylls truncate with two teeth.
Lobsters have three pairs of antennae, the largest of which is used for tactile sensing.
Lithography is two hundred years old.
Babies show an interest in solid foods when they are approximately four to five weeks old.
Recurrent miscarriage is defined as the loss of three or more consecutive pregnancies.
Ticks begin as eggs and hatch into the six legged larval form.
Pregnancy is divided into three separate time periods, or trimesters.
Oxygen occurs in nature as three different isotopes.
Most bony fishes become sexually mature between one and five years.
Human space is divided in two empires.
Autism is three to four times more common in boys than girls.
Natural neon is a mixture of three isotopes.
Cats can produce up to three litters a year from the age of one.
Volcanoes are made when two tectonic plates come together.
Diamonds consist of carbon atoms each being bound to four others as indicated by the blue lines.
Altimetric satellites are usually limited life missions lasting approximately three to ten years.
Shakers have flea bites around the inside of the opening, no cracks or chips on main part of body.
Dark chocolate contains more than three times more cancer-fighting antioxidants than tea by weight.
Conflict occurs between when two people have a car accident.
Tubes generally stay in place for one to three months and fall out on their own.
Squirrels have four sharp claws on their front feet and five on the rear.
Some ecosystems have four or more levels of consumers.
Spores can live eight years or more.
True flies appear to have only two wings.
Piglets remain in thick cover for about seven days, but then accompany the sow.
Boys are four times more likely to be abused outside of the family than girls.
Flu vaccines contain the ingredients from three different strains of flu virus.
Rakes can weigh as little as three pounds or as much as five pounds.
Atoms undergo change to gain eight valence electrons.
Chipmunks produce one or two litters a year.
Chickens have two legs and walk upright.
Athematic verbs have a full grade root under stress, but a zero grade when the ending is stressed.
Chlorine gives vinyl two advantages.
Anger is the crown jewel of the eight basic emotions.
Cougars have four different names.
Cleavage is usually in three directions parallel to the rhombohedron form.
Nitrogen forms two series of especially important chemical compounds.
Death occurs during the first seven days of illness without intensive care.
Pneumatic motor is a six-point unit with three pneumatics facing up and three facing down.
Threshold is a value to avoid zero divide.
Most vegetable crops are sensitive to drought three to four weeks before and during harvest.
Orchestra conductors live three to seven years longer than is usual in their societies.
Bull moose have a life expectancy of seven years while females average eight years.
Some eggs can hatch in just two or three days.
Most hummingbirds raise two broods each breeding season.
Some species can make dives over eight hundred feet deep.
Disaccharides are just two monosaccharides hanging out with one another.
Black children are ten times more likely than white children to be born with extra fingers.
Lichens come in three different forms.
Parapsychologists have two basic approaches to their subject matter.
Sea stars have five arms.
Water voles follow a four hour activity pattern.
Most countries have no statutes against bribing foreign officials.
Typical mycobacteria fall into four main patterns of their mycolic acid composition.
Burrows reach five feet below ground and length-wise extend for thirty feet.
Ozone is an invisible, irritating gas consisting of three oxygen atoms.
Love relationships go through four stages infatuation, post rapture, discovery and connection.
Colors remain bright and lifelike, with no shifts in hue.
Mothers compete frantically with each other over who can give birth to the most babies in ten years.
Lip repair is performed at approximately three months of age.
Leprechauns always dress in green frock coats that have seven silver buttons.
Osteoporosis is a silent, painless disease showing no symptoms until it has set in.
Embryos develop and hatch in about four weeks, then spend four to five months in the tadpole stage.
Basting is the stitching used to hold the three layers of fabric together while quilting.
Primates have two sub orders they are divided into.
Bears produce about two kilos of bile a year.
Fossil fuels provide ninety five percent of the energy consumed.
Crystal stays in the body for about three to five days after use.
Most gymnasts practice twice per day for at least three hours per session.
Some helicopters can have as many as six main rotor blades, and up to five tail rotor blades.
Most spiders have eight simple eyes.
Veterinarians recommend that a puppy or kitten be at least four months old.
Humans have two breasts.
Lynx consume one or two hares a day.
Indian subcontinent is surrounded by three seas i.e., in the East, South and West.
Respiration is of two types, viz.
Termites have four wings of equal length, while ants have wings of unequal lengths.
Smokers are close to eight times more likely to suffer an aortic aneurysm than non-smokers.
Tobacco use is to blame for nearly one in three cancer deaths in the United States every year.
Some inverters draw power even when no appliances are operating.
Some perennials take three or more years to produce flowers.
Human orbits are cone-shaped and about five centimeters deep in the skull.
Some scallops live for ten years or more.
Most people know organic farming means no chemicals are used.
Women live an average of six years longer than men.
Alcohol content is two to three times more than beer.
Cats can be litter box trained as early as five weeks.
Girls are three times more likely than boys to attempt suicide.
Rabbits can mate from three to seven times a year.
Soy protein is a dairy-free complete protein containing eight essential amino acids.
Baleen whales have two and toothed whales have one .
Sea lamprey have an indirect life cycle lasting between five and nine years.
Anapsids have no openings in the temporal region of their skull.
Human shelters make no provisions for pets, as a result they are often left behind.
Plants stand one to two feet tall.
True glaciers are structurally three layered bodies of frozen water.
Polyploidy is a condition wherein organisms have three or more sets of genetic variation.
Hair has three main parts.
Arteries have three layers of thick walls.
Chimpanzees have no divisions of labour.
Nymphs progress through five nymphal instars.
Lizards usually have four legs, with five toes on each foot.
Refuge spacing similarly affects reef-associated species from three phyla.
Daylilies are vigorous growers and can be divided every three to four years.
Chinchillas become sexually mature when they are around eight months old.
Most vaccinations take effect in two weeks' time.
Food is of four kinds.
Sexual maturity comes early with ewe lambs capable of breeding at six to seven months.
Teenage bodies are three times more susceptible to alcohol addiction than adults.
Polyploidy is the presence of three or more of each type of chromosome in gametes or cells.
Paintball is a sport that has no barriers to gender, strength or age.
Mitosis is cell division which results in two identical cells.
Classic galactosemia is a major symptom of two enzyme defects.
Turtles can go two to three months without food.
Bees often look like they have two wings.
Every antibody has two identical binding sites for antigen determinants.
Some women stop ovulation altogether after the first three to six months of use.
Osteoporosis affects one in three women and one in ten men.
Insomnia is defined as sleep disturbances three or more times a week.
Bilingual education uses two languages as the media of instruction.
Observation is an observation that uses the five senses.
Bloodroot flowers are pure white and produce eight petals.
Onions come in three basic varieties, red, white and yellow.
Spinal osteoporosis is eight times more likely to afflict women than men.
Parallel coordinates use two or more parallel axes.
Water can have three characteristics.
Stoneflies have two pairs of wings.
Cells come in two distinct types.
Maps are accurate representations of the earth in two dimensions.
P is the result of two E-fields.
New vegans can generally use what is already stored in their bodies for up to three years.
Popular racism seems most prevalent in Italy which saw four deaths at the hands of racists.
Pairs encodes all sets of objects with two components.
Biennials live for two years.
Grasshoppers begin egg laying one to three weeks after becoming adults.
Many women report weight gains of five pounds premenstrually.
Antipsychotic drugs can take between one and three months to take effect.
Water loss can account for over half of the shrinkage for hay stored more than four months.
Individuals have at least seven distinct intelligences that can be developed over a lifetime.
Any compound is made up of two or more elements.
Squirrels have three different body types.
Light flashes occur in all three conditions.
Mothers have a baby only once every four or five years.
Most divorces tend to resolve themselves in six months to a year.
Females generally give birth to a single calf every three to five years.
Women are four times as likely as men to develop thyroid problems.
Several countries conduct time use surveys every five years.
Anthrax has four separate clinical forms.
Linguists estimate the number of languages today at about six thousand.
Scuba divers can dive among the numerous wrecks in the Upper Peninsula's five underwater preserves.
House sparrows can rear three broods in a season.
Alcoholism affects one out of three American families.
Accountability is a two way street.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but some have six, four or two.
Kabbalists group the simple letters into four triplets.
Solicitation is punishable by up to seven years in prison.
All color photography is the blending of three basic colors, yellow, magenta and cyan.
Most people have two children.
Sooty terns are abundant on four Cays.
Meta attack leads to an arenium ion with only three resonance structures.
Divorce affects the rights of three generations at once parents, children, and grandparents.
Cows are pregnant for nine months.
Canaries Give the names of four varieties of canaries.
Oxygen exists in all three forms - liquid, solid, and gas.
Powder coating is environmentally friendly, there are no solvents or hazardous material used .
Adults can live to be ten years old and reproduce billions of times.
Buffalo is fortunate in having four distinct seasons.
Fever continues to rise and fall, sometimes for as long as three weeks.
Females give birth to calves every two to three years.
Loggerheads are the most common of the five species of sea turtles found in Florida.
Mother bears rear cubs for two to three years.
Natural samarium is a mixture of several isotopes, three of which are unstable with long half-lives.
Most caterpillars have a semi-circular ring of six ocelli on each side of the head.
Many portable extinguishers discharge completely in as few as eight to ten seconds.
Legumes emerge with two leaf-like structures.
Female mosquitoes can lay up to four hundred eggs if the mosquito has had a blood meal.
Pupae usually transform into adults two to three days later.
Dragonflies There are seven species of dragonflies in New Zealand.
Wolves have fur made up of two layers .
Extortion is an element in two degrees of grand larceny.
Humans normally produce only two sets of teeth.
Most salamanders have four limbs.
Propane contains three carbon atoms and eight hydrogen atoms.
Friction occurs when two bodies rub against each other.
Kittens take solid food within two months.
Precocial birds learn to forage within three or four days.
White bass are relatively short-lived, usually living only about four years.
All food consists of six nutrients or nourishing substances.
Gray whales reach sexual maturity at eight or nine years.
Coyotes breed each winter and give birth in the spring to substantial litters of four to six pups.
Coasters go forward two feet for every foot they climb.
Fawns are weaned when three to four months old, and are sexually mature at about six months.
Snails have two pairs of tentacles on the head.
Carjackings are common, especially with four wheel drive vehicles.
Ecosystems come in three types.
Genesis says that marriage makes two individuals into one.
Lethal injection is no less a human rights violation than electrocution.
Mitosis consists of four stages.
Fresh water is derived from three permanent rivers.
Norplant implants prevent pregnancy for up to five years.
Most rivers overflow once every two years.
Traffic accidents are the number one cause of death for children, ages five to fifteen.
Plant cells have four major parts.
Most cats have five toes in the forepaws and four in the hind paws.
Solar energy is the solar power integrated over the ten minute period.
Ants have two castes, the worker and the reproductive.
Crude oil is recovered by drilling holes as deep as five miles into the earth's crust.
Every planar graph can be edge-partitioned into two outerplanar graphs.
Statistics say most people die within three to five years after diagnosis.
Most children can learn to read when they are four years old if properly instructed and motivated.
Weak equivalence is important in cognitive science in two respects.
Some species live for as little as six months.
Lung cancer is seven times as likely to strike a smoker as a nonsmoker.
Sunflower seeds come in six different types.
Older neutrophils have more than five lobes and are called hypersegmented.
Human eye are only about five times sharper than a jumping spider's.
Normal muscles use two sources of fat.
Dogs have to be six months old before they are spayed or neutered.
Rocks come in seven standard colors and some others as well.
Some languages have all three tenses, some have only two, and some have no tenses at all.
Leaves can be as much as nine feet across, even in Britain.
Cedar Creek has a series of five small millponds and dams.
Horses have five senses but they are developed in a much different way than humans.
Sexual maturity is at three years.
Many people have no symptoms at all, some acquire mild flu-like illnesses.
Caterpillars are solitary and develop through five instars.
Workplace accidents kill farm workers at seven and a half times the national average.
Sexual reproduction begins at about three to four years.
Sight is the most precious of the five senses.
Metallic fabrics have no problems being carefully hand-washed in cool water.
Some infected people have no symptoms at all.
Most couples expect to get pregnant within about six months of trying.
Thermometers have two different scales to measure temperature.
Tin exists in two allotropes, white and gray tin.
Propane has three carbon atoms lined up in a row.
Sound waves travel about four times as fast in water and about ten times as fast in steel.
Wolves have fur made up of two layers.
Most cats have five claws on their front paws, and four on their rear paws.
Today there are only four genera of apes left.
Most states have one or two divisions.
Grapefruit are about three quarters liquid, so the heavier the fruit, the more juice it contains.
Most insects have two antennae, six legs, and four wings.
Humans have four very notable physical traits.
Today there are essentially three distinct types of knowledge.
Mosquito eggs can survive for more than five years.
All cars are things that have four wheels.
Gasoline is three times as expensive as in the United States.
Implantation occurs five to seven days after fertilization.
Ospreys mature after two years of age.
Some infected people have very mild symptoms or no symptoms at all.
Antidepressants have two roles in managing chronic pain.
Longitude is relative to zero degrees, along which Greenwich, England is located.
Ocean water contains seven times more salt than the human body can safely metabolize.
Many lambs are brought to slaughter earlier, however, and often between six and eight months of age.
Northern bettongs live for around six years.
Most infected persons have no symptoms of disease.
Most ladybugs have oval, dome-shaped bodies with six short legs.
Many people change careers three or more times in their lifetime.
Somatic cells contain two of each type of chromosome.
Nutria reach sexual maturity at four to six months.
Most people resort to food, although smokers only gain about five pounds on average when they quit.
Plants grow one to two and a half feet tall.
Moths begin to emerge in about two weeks.
Fame is a four letter word.
Humans can survive on an exclusive diet of tsamma for six weeks.
Female cheetahs give birth to around three cubs at a time.
Chemistry has no less important names.
Elderberries are upright, spreading shrubs that grow six to twelve feet high.
Violence is a part of society in that there are no societies without some level of violence.
Flowers are abundant with nine different plant communities, including mosses and orchids.
Marriage is the blending of two family cultures.
Car crashes cause some three million injuries annually.
Male mice become imprinted with the odor of littermates during the first three weeks of life.
Energy comes in two forms, which are kinetic and potential.
Tomatoes have two growth stages vegetative and reproductive.
All insects have six legs in their adult stage.
Visualization can take place through any one or any combination of the five senses.
Umbilical cords separate in two to three weeks on average.
Most psychologists agree that the big five personality traits are stable across the life-span.
Fats consist of two major components.
Microvascular atherosclerosis is absent until five years or more from diagnosis.
Twin souls are the last two souls to individualize.
Slugs have two tentacles on the top of their head.
Solar radiation is measured with two automated, independent instruments.
Most dens have at least two openings.
Nitrification also requires two types of bacteria.
Snowshoes normally have four litters a year.
Caterpillars have six true, jointed legs on the thoracic segements, immediately behind the head.
Skin color is determined by three to five gene pairs.
Healthy skin is smooth, with no breaks in the surface.
Impermeable materials are materials which have no spaces or very small overlapping spaces.
Rail accidents kill three people during the year.
Identical twins are two people.
Voles are prolific breeders and can produce four to six litters a year.
Aphids can give birth ten days after having been born themselves.
Female bears reach sexual maturity around four and a half years of age.
Tweed is only three days old.
Pigeons are social birds, so plan on three to five mated pairs to start.
Most wolves live in packs, usually made up of fewer than eight individuals.
Close relatives give up to ten animals, others one or two.
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission.
Octopuses have two reproductive strategies.
Sheep give birth after about five months.
Water occurs in sugar in three basic forms.
Women are four times more likely to have bone thinning than men.
Smokers have eight times the risk from radon as non smokers.
Colostrum supports the human organism in two main ways.
Lack of awareness is why many people have the disease for seven years before diagnosis.
Phytochemicals are non-nutritive substances, in that they contain no vitamins or minerals.
Acupuncture is a traditional Chinese therapy which originated over five thousand years ago.
Stroke is the number three cause of death in the United States.
Fat content decreases after six months, as infants receive necessary fat from food sources.
Every cell is considered to have eight neighboring cells with which it shares edges or corners.
Women are three times more likely to suffer migraine headaches than men.
Most people have only two hands.
Some sharks have five rows of teeth.
Platelets have a short life-span ofjust five days.
Cartilage is also slippery five to eight times more slippery than ice.
Bucks usually have antlers by their second year, and eight points by the fifth.
Mosquitoes can develop in any puddle that lasts more than four to eight days.
Insects have three body parts, a distinct head, thorax, and abdomen.
Puffins breed when they become five years old.
Some snails can pull over three times their own body-weight.
Democracy is what the people have voted for eight years ago.
Flower stalks range from four to seven feet tall.
Older trees are more difficult to train, as bending mature branches can take one to three years.
Air quality is important to long-term economic growth for three reasons.
Some couples have no obvious explanation for their infertility.
Marriage is the blending of two different family cultures.
Macro cycling has two common forms.
New cementum appears on root surfaces six to eight weeks after osseous surgery.
Coots have a life span of about nine years.
Protists show the three basic types of sexual life cycles, with some other variants, too.
Malaria kills an estimated two million people annually.
Back problems affect nine out of ten people at some time in their life.
Northern starfish have five rays and can regenerate lost body parts.
Most viruses have only two organelles.
Anoles are no strangers to urban environments.
Public health differs from health care in two major ways.
Democracy is more than casting a ballot every four years.
Sod webworms produce two to three generations each year.
All cattle have a four chambered stomach, consisting of a rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum.
Dicots have two seeds leaves, whereas monocots have only one.
Some species have ten fingers per hand.
Roman dodecahedrons feature in two lemmas.
Men kill and are killed four or five times more frequently than women.
Quasars are the most energetic and distant of all three objects.
Plant gladioluses every three weeks for continuous bloom.
Corns are of two types.
All dolphins have two flippers and a tail fin.
All earwigs have three body parts, head, thorax, and abdomen.
All butterflies go through four life stages .
Scientists study the nervous system for two main reasons.
Most caterpillars live from about two weeks to a month.
Millipedes typically take three years to reach maturity but some species can take longer.
Most plants develop into small bushes with up to six basal stems.
Flat Lizards have two hanging loops for easy mounting.
Some cats are polydactyl, and have up to seven claws on any paw.
Cooked meat freezes well for up to three months.
Whitetails have four sets of external glands that are used primarily for communication.
Bumblebee bats have a wingspan of five and a half inches.
International health means two different, but related, things.
Volume units are cubic units, since they are the result of multiplying three units of length.
Spiders have eight legs but ants, bees, beetles and other insects only have six.
Bivalves have two valves connected by a flexible ligament.
All Muslim men marry four wives .
Manatees have four toe nails.
Some insects go through no metamorphosis at all.
All magnetic material exists with two poles.
Geckos are small lizards, usually about three to six inches long.
Electrocutions occur when birds accidentally contact two conductors while flying.
Tics normally start at the age of six and regress as the child matures.
Plants can bloom two or more times a year.
Walruses can walk on all four legs when they are on land.
Chronic insomnia lasts more than three weeks.
Tidal volume is similar to an adult by four weeks of age.
Lightning can occur as far as ten miles from where rain is falling.
Hydroplanes have two or more wetted surface areas.
Natural thallium is a mixture of two isotopes.
Nutritionists recommend spreading the same number of calories out over five or six small meals.
Young men commit suicide five times as often as young women.
Children of alcoholics are four times more likely than other people to become alcoholics themselves.
Most mammals have four legs.
Mites have an average lifespan of three months but in that short time span they set to work fast.
R is a Rook that can move only six squares maximum.
Platelets have the shortest shelf-life and can be stored for only about five days.
Cheetahs usually eat every two to five days.
Clawed lobsters have full claws on the first three pereiopods.
Poverty contributes to the harming of nature in two ways.
Fresh lemons are low-calorie with only five calories per tablespoon of juice.
Eastern cottontails have two different fur coats each year.
ABA is an is a terpenoid and contains three isoprene units.
Front feet have five toes, including a small toe corresponding to our thumb.
Modern gymnosperms are classified into four phyla.
Facets are flat triangles bounded by three edges.
Many aneurysms have no symptoms until they burst.
Vaccinated newborns have protection for at least five years.
Unclaimed property is property abandoned by the owner for three years or more.
All cats walk around on four feet called paws.
Body language is used when no words can express what the person is trying to communicate.
Migraine susceptibility runs in families and migraines are three times more common in women.
Alcohol reduces the brain's ability to integrate information from the five senses.
Females normally carry two X chromosomes.
Water can exist on the surface of the earth and the air in all three states - solid, liquid or gas.
Xenon is an odourless, colourless, chemically inert gas with nine stable isotopes.
Quarks are grouped into three pairs.
Most birds have four toes, three that face forward and one rearward.
Cancer is a genetic disease at two different levels.
Cats can be simultaneously antibody positive and bacteremic with no signs of illness.
Rattlers are in two sizes, seven colors.
Baskets can exist purely for the purpose of expression through three dimensional form.
Children burn to death and leave no traces of themselves.
Blue pyramids represent the active copper ions coordinated by five oxide ions.
Caprifigs usually bear three crops a year named profichi, mamme and mammoni .
Dynamics defines mass and force and uses Newton s three laws of motion.
Most octopuses live only one or two years.
Carnations grow well in a garden spot that receive four to five hours of sunlight per day.
Porcupines grow for three or four years before they reach adult body size.
All addictive drugs have two things in common.
Mosquitoes can breed in any puddle that lasts more than four days.
All proteins possess three levels of structure.
Temperature can effect an enzyme in two ways.
Chronic tardiness is defined as eight or more tardies in an academic quarter.
Kangaroos have two long, soft feet.
All arachnids have eight legs.
Some Islamic societies permit men to have four wives.
Triglycerides are glycerol joined to three fatty acids by condensation.
Solutions are homogenous mixtures of two or more substances.
Encryption is a method of disguising data so that no outsiders can read it.
China is exactly the size of the United States and has four times the population.
Turkey is within the top five countries with the highest demand for gold in the world.
Fibroid tumors are benign or non-cancerous growths found in the uterus of roughly one in four women.
Postpartum depression is a serious condition that affects one in ten new mothers.
Hummers often groom their heads and necks with their feet, uses the front three claws like a comb.
Historical literature mentions two origins of the German cockroach.
Aortic dissection occurs in two forms.
Arachnids usually have four pairs of walking legs and a specialized pair of feeding appendages.
Some professionals advise waiting until a child is six months or older.
Pathologists now recognize more than three dozen different types of lymphoma.
Logic gates can have more than two inputs.
Scientists believe that maiasaurs lived in enormous herds of ten thousand.
ATMs are expensive machines with an average useful life of ten to fifteen years.
Domestic ferrets have no restrictions on their range and live throughout the world.
Japanese maples are great four season trees, particularly the weeping varieties.
Fawns weigh about six to nine pounds at birth.
Males are four times more likely to commit suicide than females.
Natural iridium contains two isotopes.
Network cables have eight pins, while telephone cables have four.
Crystalline materials demonstrate long range periodic order in three dimensions.
Hurricanes come in five categories.
All societies have three realms that are autonomous, but organically related with each other.
Roots are are fibrous with two or more thickened roots.
Dogs are pack animals, and five dogs is the minimum number for proper socialization.
Animals make no judgments concerning the value of biological life.
Most lakes stratify into three layers during late spring, staying that way until late fall.
Polypropylene comes in two types.
Triglycerides appear in two forms, saturated and unsaturated.
Oysters also have two separate sexes, males and females.
Atypical hyperplasia increases the risk about four to eight-fold.
Leprechauns supposedly carry two leather pouches.
Colon cancer has four main symptom complexes.
Pups lose baby teeth starting about three months of age.
Primates have five digits on their forelimbs.
Most species have four toes, three of which are forward-pointing.
Many infected people have no symptoms at all.
String theory has two defining features.
Centipedes develop slowly, sometimes with seven or more molts occurring before they mature.
Bipolar pacemakers have two electrodes at the catheter tip.
Legless larvae hatch out in about four days.
Meditation awakens the soul awareness in the seven chakras.
Biennials complete their life cycle in two growing seasons.
Most stars have four rays.
Most sonar transducers have three resonant points.
Perjury is punishable by imprisonment in state prison for two, three or four years.
Maize streak is harmless if it occurs more than eight weeks after the maize crop has germinated.
G is connected and has no cycles .
Bobcats also have the ability to jump fences six feet or more in height.
Several embryos are transferred into the uterus after three to five days.
Mental illness affects approximately one in four people throughout their lifespan.
Ozone is a simple triatomic, reactive molecule formed from three oxygen atoms.
Children learn more during the first five years of life than at any other time.
Many infections have no symptoms and are only detected by the doctor during an annual pelvic exam.
Monarchs go through a complete metamorphosis in three to six weeks.
Children usually become functionally blind within three years of diagnosis.
Pickpockets often work in teams of two or three.
Woodchucks produce about four young and virtually all females breed annually.
Primates have five individual toes.
Account is a six character code that describes the basic accounting classifications.
Hyperlipidemia usually occurs within the initial two to four weeks.
Mice form the reactive intermediates ten times faster than rats and man.
Children can drown in less than two inches of water.
Libertarianism provides no basis for a national leader.
Nondurable goods are items generally with a normal life expectancy of less than three years.
Some parents start giving spending money or allowances to young children with no strings attached.
Female tigers have a litter about once every two years.
Photons have momentum but no mass or electrical charge.
All narwhals have two teeth in their upper jaw.
Families headed by women are nearly five times more likely to be poor than other families.
Some electric shavers are dry shavers so no gels or lotions are needed in preparation.
Many babies start crawling between seven and ten months of age.
Some people use two reticules, one in each eyepiece.
Herbs require at least six hours of sunlight.
Raptors usually have three talons pointing forward and one talon pointing backward.
Rectifier diodes have two contact-terminals, an anode and a cathode.
Trappers have two genders and reproduce sexually.
Porcupines have two areas of conflict with humans.
Numbers are the mean of five or six observations.
Tamarind trees yield fruits for more than two centuries.
Some species have vestigial tails or no tails at all.
Some films have an older age limit than seven years.
Life expectancy is around ten years.
High ankle sprains, on the other hand, can remain symptomatic for as long as nine months.
Swedish massage utilizes about four different hand movements upon the body.
Polyester has two favorable properties.
Complete darkness is only possible at absolute zero .
Modern scientists recognize six main subclasses of prairie in Illinois.
Giant pandas are perhaps the most unusual of the world's eight species of bears.
Tantric theory holds that sexual energy passes through seven parts of the body known as chakras.
Most butterflies live only two to four weeks.
Water goes through three different states in the water cycle.
Gregorian chants are divided into three types based on the number of notes sung to each syllable .
Child mortality includes deaths within the first five years after birth.
Sound travels almost five times faster in water than in air.
Domestic violence makes no distinctions in terms of education level, social status or religion.
Water is an essential nutrient and it contains zero calories.
Japan has three to four thousand islands.
Some babies spend six to nine months after their due dates in the nursery.
Earth is divided into three general layers.
Squids usually live from three to five years.
Walden plants come in diameters ranging from six feet to twelve feet.
Brazil has ten million rural poor who have no access to land.
Equivalent Fractions Are two fractions with the same area.
Most caterpillars have a semi-circular ring of six ocelli on each side of the head.
Bivalves have two distinct shells joined by a ligament.
Citrus is a male orange tabby, three months old.
Children are most vulnerable to the sun during their first ten years.
Elliptical galaxies consist of old stars and have little or no gas and dust.
Genes perform two functions.
Recycling plastic uses only five to ten percent as much energy as manufacturing new plastic.
Shared spaces are offices that two or three workers share.
Chickens take about six to eight weeks to grow.
Gluons have two colors, one normal color and one anti-color.
Startup latency is the constant commicationn overhead incurred in sending a zero length message.
Some species have short, useless wings, and others have no wings at all.
Selenium exists in several allotropic forms, although three are generally recognized.
Humans have two breasts .
Fission is illustrated in A to D, which represent four stages in fission in a European species.
Bovine colostrum is ten times richer in immune factors than human colostrums.
Fish have no eyelids and their eyes are sensitive to the glare of the sun.
Scallops have a shelf life of two to three days.
Acrylics are water-based and dry in two to four hours.
Martial arts are multi-sensory, combining all three modalities in classes.
Most people sell or refinance their home within six to twelve years.
Misdemeanours are less serious offences which can lead to imprisonment for up to three months.
Earthquakes are most frequent where two or more plates meet.
Plants also provide the four basic needs of most wildlife.
Hair does grow for three to six years before falling out.
Cellular respiration takes place in three main stages.
Bees can memorise at least six locations, and three paths leading to each.
Female armadillos have exactly four babies of the same sex at a time.
Pluralism Comes in two forms.
Dinoflagellates are unicellular forms with one to three flagellae .
Cortical amplitudes range from less than one up to seven or more microvolts.
Natural selection is based on three basic facts about plants and animals in nature.
Garlic mustard has a two year life cycle.
Verbs have two functions in sentences.
Veterinary experts estimate that nearly one in five adult dogs suffers from osteoarthritis.
Spirituality is there to gain control over the five senses.
Natural tellurium consists of eight isotopes.
Carrots can take up to three weeks to germinate.
Most schools accept children from between ages three years to three years and six months.
Most people get their flu shots in the last three months of the year.
Daisies are open to young girls who are in kindergarten or five years old.
Honey bees cause concern under two circumstances.
Influenza viruses undergo two kinds of change.
Prairie voles look like rodents with small rounded bodies, four short legs and a short tail.
Feathers replace their down coats in three to five weeks.
Natural gadolinium is a mixture of seven isotopes.
Dolphins can hold their breath for five to eight minutes.
Boys are four times more likely than girls to have autism.
Camels have three stomachs.
Women usually inherit two X chromosomes-one from each parent.
Tropical rainforests exist on four continents.
Collisions result in a compression force, pushing two plates together.
Metals typically react with two, four, or six ligands.
Worms can have up to ten hearts.
Aridity presents two main obstacles to solitary behavior.
Metabolism have two stages-catabolism and anabolism.
Hummingbirds eat every ten minutes to keep up with there high metabolism.
Some species live in the water as nymphs for three years before they hatch into their adult stage.
Most leprechauns live to be about three hundred years old.
Dinoflagellates are photosynthetic creatures surrounded by three separate membranes.
Some atoms have too many electrons, one or two extra.
All sugars contain four calories per gram.
Pigmentation is a good indicator of egg production for the first six months a bird has been laying.
Kissing bugs have six legs.
Deified angels inhabit heavens two to six.
Oceans make up over two thirds of the Earth's surface.
Electromagnetic interference takes into two forms, Conducted and Radiated.
Female bats nurse their young for six to eight weeks.
Wolverine tracks are similar to wolf prints, but a wolf has four toes, whereas a wolverine has five.
Compound objects have no representations themselves.
Aborigines form two per cent of the population.
Planes work in three dimensions, but a boat is limited to two.
Most women have no symptoms of heart disease with mitral valve prolapse.
Some cancers do recur, most often within five years of the original diagnosis.
Liberated souls have no karmas and therefore, they are no longer in the cycle of births and deaths.
Ternary diagrams show the relative proportions of three variables on three axes.
Most vegetable seeds germinate in three to six days.
Pelycosaurs are a paraphyletic group of six primitive families of synapsids.
Air is a masculine element and governs the magick of the four winds.
Toads have three mating seasons per year producing many, many toads.
Recent studies confirm that one out of four children are obese.
Water exists in three states.
Growth generally begins during the first six weeks of life and continues for about one year.
Tropical rainforests occur in three major geographical areas around the world.
Cardinals have three main functions in the church.
Some theosophists say at two years after birth.
Cervical cancer is three times more common in poor women than in the most affluent.
Cnidarians are essentially bags made of two cell layers.
Every dog has four weeks and a day to be adopted, but after that, it is put to sleep.
Age of onset is after three months of age.
Proteins are long chains of amino acids folded into three dimensional shapes.
Teleportation is performed if the two detectors simultaneously register photons.
Menstruation usually lasts between three and seven days.
Comparative advantage is the ability to perform an activity at a zero opportunity cost.
Multicellular eukaryotes are made of two fundamental cell types.
Coriolis force is zero at the equator and increases with latitude to a maximum at the poles.
Medial moraines are formed when two glaciers meet.
Poles CAN occur at zero frequency.
Most sailing ships have between one and three mast but some have four.
Angiograms require staying in the hospital about seven hours from start to finish.
Fuzzy logic has two different meanings.
Ligation is the process of permanently attaching the two pieces.
Most spiders can live one or two years.
Many addicts use opium because they have no access to public health care facilities.
Mothers are three times more likely to hemorrhage.
Longevity favors gender Four out of every five centenarians are women.
Sportswear is more than three times the size of the dress shirt market.
Fertilization occurs through pollen-tubes with two male nuclei.
Babies frequently take up to two years to completely heal.
Alcoholics are seven times more likely to be involved in fatal accidents than non-alcoholics.
Energy is lost via three mechanisms.
Annual flowers love rich soil loosely dug eight or more inches deep.
Sin divides minds into two halves.
Top predators are at the top of the food chain and have no predators of their own.
Chromatography is unique because of three reasons.
Female orangutans are considerably shorter, with an average height of just three feet.
Marigolds require at least six hours of daily sunlight to flower at their best.
Psychology is founded on eight false premises that are all humanistic from the core.
Tequila comes in three basic quality levels - silver, gold and anejo.
Most sperm have a group of five mitochondrial clumps in the midpiece.
Caterpillars feed actively on broadleaf trees for five to six weeks.
Ligand seeks two receptors into binding and mutual phosporylation.
Nymphs have eight instars requiring three years for the life cycle.
Baseball has three eras.
Horses walk on one hoofed toe, and rhinos walk on three toes.
Bulls can stand as tall as five feet at the shoulders.
Basidia produce four spores at the end of microscopic spines called sterigma.
Any elliptical orbit has two apsides.
Zinnias grow best in full sun, which means six or more hours of direct sun daily.
Vegans eat only plant foods, no eggs or dairy products.
Every triangle has three vertices.
Mixtures are physical combinations of at least two pure substances.
Secularism is the principle that there exist no gods or purely spiritual entities.
Most people start to have symptoms about five or six weeks after exposure.
Life begins nine months earlier at conception when an individual human being comes into existence.
Scriptures speak of at least two ages to come.
Horses have three incisors per quadrant.
Corporations have no laws that control their morality or ethics.
Most blue stars are young and hot, up to ten times hotter than our Sun.
Seals swim to the surface to breathe every five to fifteen minute.
Insects have six legs and three body segments.
Some hunters go all six days without bagging one white tail.
Sharks have five different types of fins.
Cacomistles live anywhere between seven and twenty-three years.
Many flightless birds have only three toes, the African ostrich but two.
Sustainable development has three components - environment, society, and economy.
Most herbal formulas contain six to twelve herbs in various combinations.
Democracy is two wolves and a sheep voting on lunch.
Smokers die four times more often from ruptured aneurysms than nonsmokers.
Cows have four stomachs, and the first three yield merchantable tripe.
Chicory is a hardy vegetable that is used in three basic forms.
Spiders have a body of two distinct sections.
Science is organized into four units in which inquiry and discovery are the focus.
Japan has numerous volcanoes, about two hundred, and many earthquakes.
Motive power is of two kinds.
Laughter first appears around three to four months in response to active stimuli.
Gerbils walk and scamper on all four limbs and flee in running leaps when alarmed.
Pups only stay with their parents for around two months.
Anorexics see the world as black and white, and no shades of gray.
Most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors.
Cows breed at three years, bulls at four.
Most spiders have eight eyes, and the jumping spiders have the best eyesight of all.
Most polar bears sleep for seven to eight hours at a stretch and they take naps, too.
Mutations usually occur only once in every ten million duplications of a DNA molecule.
Blood donors can give blood every eight weeks, or six times a year.
Food stamps come in colors like blue for a five dollar coupon and green for a ten.
Most carnivores can have children after one or two years.
Granite is an igneous rock that is composed of four minerals.
Many swimmers train for more than ten years during their careers.
Poplars usually are ready for use as biomass energy at five years.
Calculators are great at giving numbers to ten or twelve significant digits.
Numbers multiplied by four are always even.
Most cuttlefish live to about two years.
Ozone is a gas that is composed of three atoms of oxygen.
Vaginal cancer is rare, accounting for only three percent of all gynecologic cancers.
Scientists can even create oysters with three sets of chromosomes, instead of the normal two.
Males can easily father kittens from as young as five months, to over ten years.
Many calanoid copepods possess two different modes of locomotion.
Closed setting is a setting which has been used where no claws are used to hold the diamond.
Plant viruses appear to be simple organisms with as few as four genes.
Natural lead is a mixture of four stable isotopes.
Barbershop harmony is a style of unaccompanied singing in which three voices harmonize to a melody.
Integer numbers unite positive and negative up to ten and create the number line.
Women come in about three times as often as men.
Small complexes are apartment buildings with less than six units.
Irregular menstruation has three main types.
Equiangular triangle is a triangle whose three angles are congruent.
Sawflies have five or more pair of prolegs, while caterpillars have less than five.
Globular clusters contain almost no gas or dust and show few signs of recent star formation.
Rice is the staple diet in Nepal and around three million tons are produced annually.
Turtles have two special sets of respiratory muscles.
Elliptical galaxies are probably a mix of all three shapes.
Photosynthesis has two main sets of reactions.
Bonds also come in two types.
Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Electric power means no gas or oil to spill, and no pollution in the air.
Coral is a heterogeneous cluster built in three phases.
Airplanes still fly four to five times faster than zeppelins.
Most adjective clusters contain two antonymous parts.
Most symphonies have four movements and most concertos have three.
Birds have absolutely no ideas about human gender.
Commas signal the breaks between three or more units in a series.
Rutabagas require four weeks longer to mature than turnips and are best grown as a fall crop.
Horses gain twelve additional permanent molars from one to three and a half years of age.
Anti depressants work differently to the benzos and they can take up to six weeks to work.
Tricyclic pills extend the menstrual cycle to three months.
Baseball has four coaches and softball has four coaches.
Indoor polo uses three players, and outdoor has four per team.
Urea cycle requires the coordination of two different tissues.
Bats sometimes emerge up to three hours before sundown, forming dense columns over the hills.
Doublets are often a sign of two written sources.
Shotguns range in weight from about five pounds to eight pounds.
Chicks fly soon after hatching, but stay with their mothers and siblings for ten to twelve weeks.
Geraniums usually require additional fertilizer during the growing season every four to six weeks.
Deep marshes have water up to three feet deep.
Most babies eat every two to four hours.
Wolves usually live in packs of two to twelve.
Whales are at the top of the food chain and have no predators other than humans.
Newborn kittens develop sight during the first three or four weeks of life.
Chloroplasts are made of three types of membrane.
Myotubular myopathy is a rare muscle wasting disorder that occurs in three forms.
Fires are four times more likely to happen in a home than at any other location.
Men are more likely than women to have been off cigarettes for five or more years.
Light appears in seven distinct colors known as a spectrum.
Grasshoppers are six inches long and can knock a man off a bicycle.
Slugs are snail-like mollusks with no shells or very small shells.
Carotenoids have three functions that are essential for the well-being of living organisms.
Blood pressure is recorded as two numbers.
Females inherit two X chromosomes, one from each parent.
Girls are often vulnerable by the age of nine to societal pressures that deaden their assertiveness.
Snakes are reptiles, and have no arms or legs.
Perennials are plants that live for three years or longer.
Stag beetles spend up to six years of their life underground before they emerge as beetles.
Casinos have no windows and they have no clocks.
Osprey eggs incubate for about five weeks.
Some cats show no symptoms at all.
Social interaction is divided into three categories, called the triad .
Neoprene is of two main types.
Harmony is two things moving as one.
Bullfrogs now have no status in Minnesota.
College athletes spend about three hours a day practicing while their sport is in season.
Amniotes are known for having three membrane-bound sacs that surround their developing embryo.
Most rocks are aggregates composed of two or more minerals.
Free elements have zero as an oxidation number.
ClamShells produce a soap with a completely smooth top - no indentations of any kind.
Nymphs go through seven molts before becoming adults, which takes approximately one year.
Most amphibians have four limbs , except for caecilians .
Cows can manufacture proteins five times more efficiently than laboratory cell cultures.
Egg coddlers come in two sizes.
Chipmunks feed up to six times a day, eating a small meal each time.
Wood is applied to wood for a deeper three dimensional appearance.
Levees are approximately one half to four times the channel width in diameter.
Shigellosis is extremely rare below the age of six months.
Fleas have four stages to their lifecycle.
Water is the only known substance that commonly exists in all three phases at once.
Seat belts come in two major forms.
Fish have two different musculature systems for swimming.
Dew worms can tunnel as deep as five feet.
Fishers can live up to ten years in the wild.
Most lizards have four legs, eyelids, and ear openings.
Some species can live up to nine years.
Scandium is a silvery metal that is soft and has a density of about three times that of water.
Men are four times more likely to have the disorder than women.
Ales actively ferment with yeast for two to three days.
Rain is uncommon except during the rainy season which lasts about six weeks during the summer.
Smoking can increase the risk of a heart attack by three times and ruins cardiovascular health.
Raccoons have five toes on the front and hind feet.
Malaria kills up to three million people a year - mostly children and pregnant women.
Boxcars ride higher than other cars, about five feet off the ground.
Men are nearly three times more likely to develop the disease than are women.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Babies can live on milk alone for the first six months of life.
Idioms are common phrases, often metaphorical, that have no obvious logic.
Water contains no carbohydrates or electrolytes.
Eclipses intensify and focus energy, often for up to six months.
Biennials require two growing seasons to complete their life cycles.
Boys are three times more likely to stutter than girls.
Copperheads have a gestation period of three to nine months.
Flagellar beating requires the precise regulation of at least four different dynein motor complexes.
Primary residence is defined as the home where an individual lives more than six months of the year.
Monarchs have a life span of seven to eight months.
Some infections have no obvious symptoms.
Hydrocarbons have zero ozone depleting and negligible global warming qualities.
Men die six years younger than women.
Austrian butter has no calories either.
Sexual maturity is thought to be attained in about eight years.
Substance abusers are five times more likely to injure themselves.
Miscarriage occurs at approximately a three times greater rate with multiple fetuses.
Most people eat three meals a day.
Most pathological gamblers start gambling before the age of fifteen, some as young as nine or ten.
Larger spikelets can have three to four florets.
Stringers consist of three narrow pieces of wood glued together.
Roots have three distinct regions namely, epidermis, cortex and vascular bundle.
Turtles contain three eyelids.
Erythropoiesis is the process in which new erythrocytes are produced, which takes about seven days.
Pyrimidines have two rings and purines have one.
Cytokinesis reaches completion, creating two daughter cells.
Most people die within five or six days.
Statistics show that one out of every four people has a mental illness.
Bagasse is produced during and after the cane harvest for about six months of the year.
Mexican masks represent the blending of two cultures.
Updrafts cause the cloud tops to grow higher and higher, sometimes as high as ten miles.
Cows are pregnant for nine months and calves are usually born naturally and easily.
Zebrafish embryos have three or four identifiable primary motoneurons per hemisegment.
Foodstate nutrients contain no chemicals such as orotates or gluconates.
Some legends have four trees holding the sky at the corners of the world.
Statistics indicate that women are three times more likely to suffer from migraine than are men.
Neutrons contain one up quark and two down quarks.
Most astronomical objects look flat and two dimensional.
Complex machines are two or more simple machines working together.
Bobcats leave home at about ten months or so.
Water covers two thirds of the planet's surface.
Phoenix is a city where about one in four residents are from an emerging ethnic group.
States are organized like the federal government, with three government branches.
Burrow is the single parent of two children.
Natural gallium contains two stable isotopes.
Goblins generally come in three varieties.
Dinoflagellates are unicellular organisms that have two unequal flagella.
E are two bicontinuous functors.
Some litters have no runts while others have one or more.
Young horses spend their first four or five years with very little contact with humans.
Psychiatrists say one in four people are mentally ill.
Opposite rays are two collinear rays with the same endpoint.
Abortion happens through all nine months of pregnancy.
TYPE is a shorthand way of describing four sets of mental processes.
Animals reproduce in two ways.
Marshes are shallow wetlands less than two meters deep.
Samarium is the fifth most abundant of the rare elements and is almost four times as common as tin.
Elephants are pregnant for two years.
Chronic bronchitis lasts three months or more, and symptoms can return year after year.
Hydra has three cell lineages, which are all self-renewing and maintained by stem cells.
Natural europium contains two stable isotopes.
Cats show no symptoms of the disease.
Day lilies grow in clusters of four to five flowers.
Coins make up about nine percent of the currency in the United States today.
Some children start asking questions when they're four or five years old.
Unchecked infestations can kill colonies in as few as three years.
Personal development is the growth of a person in the four aspects of their nature.
African music has as many as four rhythms in command at once.
Alcoholics are nutritionally at risk for two main reasons.
Brain damage can result if breathing stops for five or more minutes.
Olympic baseball is a round-robin competition with four teams emerging in the medal round.
Adult roundworms have a funny face, with three big lips surrounding their mouth.
Ocean has two life-important properties.
Colicky babies cry more often than that, sometimes well in excess of four hours.
Scripture refers to three different types of death.
Bees also have three simple eyes, called ocelli, that are grouped together near the top of the head.
Variable stars fall into four major physical classifications.
Tropical rainforests occur in three major geographical areas around the world.
State law requires all dogs and cats four months and older to have current rabies vaccinations.
Food chains have three types of organisms.
Black cutworm has four tubercles of unequal diameter on the top of each body segment.
Harbor porpoises live in groups averaging one to three individuals and are very skittish.
Most culinary herbs require at least five hours of sun per day.
Sports bras come in two basic styles.
Bridles are mandatory on two year olds and older.
Some armored scales have four generations per year.
Hibernian magic comes from two sources.
State law allows radio waves to register six volts per meter.
Sexual maturity is reached in females by five months of age.
Magic spells fall into four categories, such as attack, healing, and status magic.
Resident bacteria digests some food material and produces two vitamins.
Stalagmites can be one to three cups high.
Classes play two distinct roles in object-oriented programming.
Women have a ten times greater chance of dying from heart disease than from breast cancer.
Embryonic endoderm lines two tubes within the body.
Human error destroys five times more data than viruses.
Iambic tetrameter has four such feet, for a total of eight syllables.
Secondary tumors are about three times more common than primary tumors of the brain.
Millions die before they are five years old because they get too little food, or the wrong kind.
Minks travel more than most furbearers, covering up to ten miles a night.
Insects also go through two different pathways of development .
Salt is categorized as four types, based on the method of production.
Compact bone is very strong and dense, having no spaces within it other than the Haversian canals.
Diabetics have to worry about their feet because diabetes hurts feet in three ways.
Anaerobic strength comes in two types, defined below.
Food is an important feature in all six dimensions of wellness.
Water is made up of two elements.
Calves are reddish-tan at birth and change to brown or black at three months.
Humanized monoclonals are ten percent mouse and ninety percent human.
Some medications contain caffeine doses equivalent to five cups of coffee.
Compound semiconductors are made of two or more elements.
Trees become susceptible to injury when they reach a height of about three feet.
Men are three or four times more likely to commit suicide than women.
Bilbies start breeding at around six months old.
Soy products contain five known classes of anti-cancer agents, including phytoestrogens.
Cardiovascular disease is the cause of more deaths than the next seven causes of death combined.
Ceramics are of two basic types.
Smoking is no less an addiction than drugs.
Some viruses can live for up to eight hours outside the body.
Nerves run to and from centres, giving no impressions until their termini are reached.
Most babies say their first words between ten and eleven months of age.
Knives also have a razor-sharp edge and are up to three and a half inches long.
RAP is defined as episodic attacks of abdominal pain over a period of at least three months.
Some children play games five or six days a week.
Cuttlefish have three hearts to pump their copper-rich blue to green blood.
Flower is composed of six petals.
Statistics show that at age of seventy, there are five women to every man.
American rice comes in three different types.
Most amphibians also have four limbs.
Glaciers cover about six million square miles which is about three percent of the earth's surface.
Some females live more than three years.
Dentists consistently rank in the top seven percent of wage-earners in the world.
Vitamin E comes in three forms.
Ocean acidification affects marine organisms in two ways.
Sulfur exists in two allotropic forms.
Pronghorns consume three times the oxygen of similarly-sized animals.
Hybrid cars are cars with at least two power sources.
Young bees spend the first one to three weeks of their lives carrying out functions within the hive.
Hexane has a six carbon chain and is nonpolar.
Reduviids vary in size, from just a few millimeters in length to over three centimeters.
Globalization is Americanization with two fewer syllables.
Chemotherapy is given in cycles - for example, a dose every three to four weeks.
Lilies grown from seed take about four years to reach flowering size.
Bees have six legs and three body parts.
Lenses have three main shapes .
Dogs have seven lobes or branches of lung.
Cancer is blamed for nearly one in four deaths in the state, according to public health statistics.
Silks are only receptive to pollen for about ten days after emergence from the husk.
Molecular beams have two disadvantages in accelerator.
Atherosclerotic plaques cause clinical disease by three mechanisms.
Rod cells are about four magnitudes more sensitive to light than cone cells.
Some animals can survive freezing, but no animals can survive grinding.
Organisms usually have five basic needs .
Birds have four appendages.
Scientists say that earthly life has been around nearly four billion years.
Volcanoes differ widely in size and shape but three main types are recognized.
Blacks spend five times as much as whites.
Exercise also helps prevent type two diabetes.
Older deer grow large antlers with six or more tines.
Most men sleep for eight hours when seven are sufficient.
Toucans live in small flocks of five or six birds.
Men are four times more likely to develop bladder cancer than women.
Giant anteaters walk with a slow shuffle on all four legs with their nose pointed to the ground.
Controlled grazing affects riparian areas in two ways.
Young wolves are ready to go on hunts with the adults when they are about three months old.
Brachiopods are superficially similar to bivalves, both having two shells.
Chicks stand on their mothers feet until they are eight weeks old.
Manual power means no sparks due to ignition found in gasoline and electric winches.
Unqualified love is a gift given with no strings attached.
Color film has three or more emulsion layers sensitive to different colors.
Object permanence is seen in children eight to twelve months old .
Selenium contains six stable elements.
Menstruation occurs about nine days after detumescence begins, and lasts for about three days.
Illness usually lasts several days to weeks, with an average of four to seven days.
Insect history is divided into five phases.
Epoxy resin leaches fewer chemicals, but is four times more expensive than polyester.
Japan has four main islands running from north to south.
Fire is guarded by three evil spirits at the top of a tall mountain.
Benedictines take three vows obedience, stability and fidelity.
Teething begins for most babies around four to six months.
Ethernet is a mode of electronic communication that is at least ten times faster than a modem.
House centipedes live anywhere from three to seven years, depending on the environment.
Ornamental kale grows six to eight inches tall.
Some filamentous colonies show the ability to differentiate into three different cell types.
Foxes breed around the same time as wolves, producing litters of four to six pups in the spring.
Squirrels have four teeth in the front of their mouth that constantly grow throughout their lives.
Some fractures can take six to nine months to heal.
Carbohydrates contain only four calories per gram.
Covariance extends The notion of variance to two dimensions.
Millipedes can grow up to about four inches long.
Earthworms have five pairs of hearts.
Smoking can speed up onset by two years.
Ozone is a three atoms molecule of oxygen.
Ocelot is two times bigger than domestic cat.
Seasoned wood means it has been cut and kept under cover for at least six months.
Balloons fly best in cool weather with wind speeds less than seven knots.
Most logic gates have two inputs and one output.
Humans have two sets of teeth in their lives.
Isosceles triangles have at least two congruent sides.
Some alphabets use one hand, some use two hands.
Most cereals have only one to five grams, but the less-processed cereals and breads have much more.
Some Tropical species can live more than two years.
Women tend to develop the disease about ten years after menopause.
Teeth can shine as many as ten shades brighter.
Oppression takes two major forms, external and internal.
Measles usually begin with cold-like symptoms followed by a high fever and a rash three days later.
Bugs have four wings or no wings at all.
Most phone numbers are eight digits with the exception of mobile numbers, which are ten digits.
Potential energy is divided into three different types of energy .
Humans divide their year into four seasons accordingly.
Ice slurry has up to five times more cooling capacity than chilled water.
Statistics show the aboriginal birth rate is four to six times higher than the general population.
Millipedes have two pairs of legs per body segment.
Tonsils are very small at birth, enlarge gradually, and reach maximum size at age six or seven.
High sprains are harder to treat and can sometimes take six weeks to heal.
Recent studies show obesity is up six percent over the past year.
Most children start primary school at about five years of age.
Tropical trees can be rampant growers, and can outgrow a wiring in as little as ten days' time.
Fingernails grow out in six months, toenails in a year.
Men are three times more likely to have abdominal aortic aneurysms than women.
Pie charts Limit the pie to a maximum of seven slices, using colors more than once.
All Rainbows prefer to live in a group with at least six members of their species.
Fibreoptic systems have an effective life three times that of copper.
Urban evolution is composed of two interlinked phenomena.
Pocket mice have many natural enemies but in captivity have lived as long as five years.
Hexane has no structures on it.
Tigers have sharp night vision which is six times greater than that of humans.
Most endocrinologists see patients every two months throughout the pregnancy.
Maple syrup is divided into four grades.
Cnidarians have two basic body forms.
Earwigs have five molts in the year before they become adults.
Fitness has two components, aerobic and muscular.
Shock usually comes in two varieties, liquid and powder.
Chaotic deposit separates two major cycles of sandstone deposition.
Criminals commit ten million violent crimes a year.
Nobodies have no emotions , but want to have hearts again .
Heart attacks cause some tissue death within four minutes and brain death within eight minutes.
Some sources place opium consumption in Teheran at five tons a day.
Team handball is played with seven players per side, six court players, and one goalkeeper.
Inflicted injury is five times more likely to result in death than unintentional injury.
Most irides fall between three and seven.
Boys are five times as likely to commit suicide.
Young plants have small leaves with only three to five leaflets.
Animals have five senses and man six senses.
Scientists recognize five major mass extinctions in the Earth's history.
Avian kidneys have two kinds of nephrons.
Inhibited desire is the most common sexual dysfunction, effecting one in three couples.
Many children know their full names, addresses, telephone numbers, and ages by six years of age.
Most bony fishes reach sexual maturity between one and five years.
Aerodynamic missiles are of four types.
Body has more than two cell layers, tissues and organs.
Modern cars have brakes on all four wheels.
Singular matrices have zero determinants.
Molecular recognition relies on how well two molecules fit together.
Birds are the only living organisms with feathers, and no dinosaurs have been found with feathers.
Y are two morphisms of k -spaces.
Verrucous carcinomas are exceptional, with only three well-documented cases in the literature.
People are nine times more likely to commit suicide if they have a history of it in their family.
Biological spores know of no borders and can be carried by the wind very easily.
Weather extremes is a list of the nation's highest and lowest temperatures for the past seven days.
All mammals have two ears.
Ulcers can develop in as little as two hours.
Mammals have only two sets of teeth.
Chinese music has a three thousand year history.
Triplets are three berries on the same stalk.
Warts have a finite life span of anywhere from six months up to five years.
Chlorine is used by the paper industry for two purposes.
Many soils have three major layers or horizons, top soil, subsoil and parent material.
Today there are two major traditions of classical music.
Most sea urchins possess five pairs of external gills, located around their mouths.
Pups are weaned at about five to eight weeks of age.
Most lakes have three layers.
Grizzly bears can smell Fear from two miles away.
Object permanence is seen in children eight to twelve months old.
Cattle are ruminants and have four stomachs.
Most bacteria are one or two microns wide.
Baby elephants are usually dependent on mother s milk for at least three years.
Pups are sooty black at birth, and acquire adult coloration at about three months.
Ciliates are the least numerous of the four animals.
Native trees begin bearing in about ten years, much later that when cultivated.
Platelets have a short life-span of just five days.
Quadrupeds are animals with four feet, such as cows.
All wombats have three toes on each foot.
Most astronauts sleep for just six hours.
Essential hypertension is diagnosed when no causes can be found.
Ferrets have three to four hour digestive tracts.
Binocular vision is the visual ability to determine three dimensions.
Black people are five times more likely to be stopped and searched by the police than whites.
Rattlesnakes breed only every two to three years.
Tobacco is responsible for nearly one in every five deaths in the United States.
Ferrets live roughly for about forty five most preferred toy or for sleeping.
Air pollution is described to the public in four bands low, moderate, high and very high .
Disability affects more than one in five adults.
Clovers have two types of life cycle.
Many ticks can live as long as three to five months between each stage.
Bidding is a game that is played in two parts.
Breast cancer affects one in eight women.
Diarrhea is the occurrence of five or more watery stools a day.
Foals remain with their dams until the fall when they are weaned at four to six months of age.
Wrestling rings come in four bright colors with color coordinated and flexible ropes.
Magnets are the size of a dime and the thickness of three to four dimes.
Conservation of momentum Consider two interacting objects.
Many people have no symptoms until they suffer chest pains or a heart attack.
Men are five times more likely than women to commit suicide.
Unsaturated fats consist of two types - polyunsaturated and monounsaturated.
Antlers take about four months to grow.
Sea snakes are ten times more deadly than a cobra.
All magnets have two kinds of poles.
Browns have two extra days rest.
Equilibrium corresponds to zero slope, or a change in free energy equal to zero.
Sweeps are a race for ratings that occurs annually four times a year and last a month.
Water is composed of two gins, oxygin and hydrogin.
Mothers give birth to litters of five or six and are extremely protective of their young.
Dykes divide the wetland into ten units.
Participles have three functions in sentences.
Flash flooding occurs within six hours of a rain event.
Bread knives are usually about eight inches long.
Spiders possess eight legs compared with the six of the insects.
Biennials require portions of two growing seasons to reproduce.
Mushrooms mature within three days to a week after growing.
Giant pandas reach breeding maturity between four and eight years of age.
Autism is a developmental disorder that usually appears in the first three years in life.
Handguns cause nearly three times as many injuries each year.
Men are three times more likely than women to develop the disease.
Most color printers have three or four different color cartridges.
Opossums have high infant mortality and short lifespans, averaging one to four years.
Paints typically contain two types of polymers.
Dragonflies have two sets of paired, transparent wings.
Calcite makes up two well known rocks limestone and marble.
Adult dogs receive a rabies vaccine every three years.
Eagles have between one and three eggs per year.
Tape contains only a very sticky clear resin, no insecticides or attractants.
Owls are able to turn three quarters of the way around and turn their heads very quickly.
Irrigated land is almost three times as productive as rainfed cropland.
Natural lead is a mixture of four stable isotopes.
Sows usually begin ovulating in their second year, though some exceptionally begin at nine months.
Natural chlorine contains two isotopes.
Ionized water is up to six times more hydrating than conventional water.
Most birds have two ranges of flying speeds.
Dolphins use frequencies ten thousand times as great to locate prey.
Elves typically have four children or fewer.
Scientists also list four other kingdoms including bacteria, archaebacteria, fungi, and protozoa.
Scuba diving requires a certification which takes about four days to complete.
Servals eat between one and six pounds of meat a day.
Some fishes have two pairs to a single vertebra.
Hemp seeds are a complete source of vegetable protein, and contain eight essential amino acids.
Dependence can come in two forms - physical and psychological.
Smokers have two to four times the risk of nonsmokers.
Energy is recognised in two forms, kinetic and potential.
Meteorites have density three times that of solid rock.
Birds have four cone receptors and also they are able to see the ultraviolet radation.
Nationwide studies show that, on average, only five percent of kiwi chicks survive to adulthood.
Vegetables require at least six hours of direct sunlight each day.
Shigellosis usually resolves in five to seven days.
Game theory is divided into two branches, cooperative and non-cooperative.
Reptiles have three digits that match with the middle finger, index finger, and thumb of a human.
All human beings possess, by nature, three fundamental human rights .
Economists typically consider six months of supply to be a balanced market.
All monkeys have five toes on each foot.
Fusion requires two positively charged particles to combine.
Coordinates have an implied six decimal places.
Budgerigars are probably easiest to sex when they reach maturity at six to seven months old.
Nuclear power releases almost no gaseous componants.
Photons have zero mass.
Amenorrhea occurs if a woman misses three or more periods in a row.
Lavenders come in three main groups, each with their own characteristics.
Domestic units are patrilocal and involve the development of patrilineages three generations deep.
Snakes use two different ways too catch their prey.
Babies are breast-fed until about two years of age.
Ants have three distinct body parts.
Girls have two ovaries.
Gastrulation begins three hours after fertilization.
Democratic deliberation entails all three types of discourse.
Most states have two or more teacher associations.
Some boys even have two urethras.
Ragwort contains six different pyrrolizidine alkaloids, which accumulate in the liver.
Female smokers enter menopause an average of five years earlier than nonsmokers.
Arachnids have eight legs .
Whales are divided into two categories, based on their teeth.
Adaptation is associated with the reversible methylation of four transmembrane receptors.
Aquifers occur in two types of geologic formations.
Substances can disrupt the normal function of endocrine systems in three different ways.
Glial cells multiply dramatically from fetal age four months to the child's second birthday.
Male stinkpots mature at four to seven years of age and females at nine to eleven.
Radiation therapy can attack cancer cells in two different ways.
Smoking is responsible for one out of four cases of heart disease.
Adult hemoglobin has two alpha and two beta chains.
Egoism is of two kinds, gross and subtle.
Many countries require passports to be valid for at least six months after entry.
Azaleas typically have flowers with five stamens and one style.
Giant pandas move on all four legs.
Pups can hear and see well by the time they're three weeks old.
Children range in age from newborn to eight years old.
Most organ systems are operational in the fetus by four to six months.
Bilbies become mature at six months of age when they are old enough to forage for themselves.
Ethanol typically adds three octane numbers when blended with gasoline.
All pollen grains develop initially in groups of four called tetrads.
Lantanas bloom in a dense head with individual florets tubular, with four or five lobes.
Newborns have all five senses.
Milk paint contains no hydrocarbons or any other petroleum derivatives.
Real craters have two distinct morphologies.
Most countries eat four or more meals per day.
Plane joint means two adjoining surfaces in parallel planes.
Snowboards have two rails.
Coelacanths are lobe-finned fish, with rounded heads and eight fins.
Many genes have more than two alleles.
Wheat starch has two components, amylose and amylopectin.
Bacteria come in two forms - anaerobic and aerobic.
Endometriosis is a puzzling disease affecting an estimated five million women in the United States.
Bears often make bluff charges, sometimes to within ten feet, without making contact.
Eastern oysters can reach sexual maturity at four months old.
Natural indium contains two isotopes.
Most agricultural areas have, at best, six inches of topsoil.
Betalamic acid has then the choice of two fates.
Women live longer than men by an average of seven years.
Relationships vary in how any two people function.
Amelia Island is the only territory in American history to serve under eight flags.
Men are about five times more likely to be diagnosed with hemochromatosis than women.
Male cats are fertile from six months, and can impregnate up to thirty-two female cats a year.
Irish law requires children between the ages of six and fifteen to go to school.
Alpacas have two sets of teeth for processing food.
Devils live for about seven years in their natural habitat of dry bush and scrub land.
Chickadees have a complex social system with two extremes.
Red raspberries are usually ripe within four to six weeks from the start of the growing season.
Natural hafnium contains six isotopes.
Matter consists of the combination of the four elements of solidity, fluidity, motion and heat.
Chile has no standards for emissions and environmental quality.
Hummingbirds can live up to nine years.
Territories are of two kinds, breeding and nonbreeding.
Reliability is a combination of two trains of thought.
Hens weigh approximately two pounds.
Parallel ports use eight wires to send eight bits in parallel at one time.
Many tractors have four wheel drive to get extra grip on the hills and in wet conditions.
Unemployment is at some of the lowest measured rates in three decades.
Spiders have eight walking legs and insects have six.
Diabetics take three per day.
Women are also six times more likely than men to be victimized by an intimate partner.
Crustaceans have two pairs of antennae.
Sprawl is the result of over five decades of subsidies paid for by the American taxpayer.
Saliva exerts two effects.
Tamanduas have four clawed digits on the forefeet and five on the hindfeet.
Bacterial cells outnumber human cells ten to one .
Speed is measured in two ways.
Infertility affects one in five couples today.
Human brains weight two percent of our total weight.
Natural ytterbium is a mixture of seven stable isotopes.
Premature labor is labor that occurs more than three weeks before a baby's due date.
Nymphs pass through five instars.
Individual trees bloom from two to five times a year.
Fluorescent lamps produce about four times as much light per watt as incandescent bulbs.
Numbat moms can have up to four babies at once.
Sexual reproduction consists of two processes.
Dalmatians shed twice a year, six months in the spring and six months in the fall.
Cotton is most susceptible to injury by thrips from emergence through the three to four leaf stage.
Dalmatians can take two to three years to mature mentally.
Death can occur as little as three days after being exposed to a supply of lead or zinc.
Worms have no eyes or ears, but they have cells that sense light and dark, and they sense vibration.
Snow storms occur seven or eight times a year.
Fireflies combine three special substances in their photic organs to make light.
Biennials Live for two years.
Postpartum depression tends to set in later after birth, and past six weeks.
Conifers represent the largest gymnosperm class, and include seven families.
Weekly price is the price for five days.
Genetic mapping divides the chromosomes in two bands.
Rice is a fair source of protein containing all eight essential amino acids.
Research chemists create three dimensional models of molecules in shared workspace.
Astronomers classify galaxies into three major categories.
Cooked peanuts have a shelf life up to six weeks.
Mammals are warm blooded, use lungs for respiration, and have four legs.
Power is focused around two poles.
Planes are flat surfaces that extent infinitely in two directions.
Fossil evidence has beavers of the ice age up to six feet in length.
Gorillas give birth after eight months of gestation.
Every Jewish year begins with the ten most important days of the year.
Baleen whales have two and toothed whales have one.
Body hair emerges at ten to twenty one days.
Ozone is a form of oxygen with three atoms instead of the usual two.
Acupuncture works to relieve two types of lower back pain.
Chromosomes consist of two chromotids held together by a centromere.
Plants continue to flower for four weeks.
Hellbenders have four toes on their front feet and five on their hind feet.
Tapeworm infections can occur in as little as two weeks.
Natural systems have two types of food webs-grazing and detritus.
Most mute swans breed at age three and remain with the same mate for life.
Involuntary manslaughter carries up to five years.
Psychiatrists say that one in four people are mentally ill.
Newborn cubs have greyish spots in their skin, which fade away in about three months.
Newborn babies dream up to eight hours a day.
Ferrets normally tremble for two reasons.
Inflation affects all three functions of money.
Illness is blamed on an imbalance in the three humors that exist in all living things.
Female cats can whelp three or four times per year if made pregnant.
Viruses typically consist of two parts.
Most sharks have five pairs of gill slits, but some have six or seven pairs.
Average acceleration is a quantity calculated from two velocity measurements.
North Island is subtropical and has no extremes of heat or cold.
Cords comprise two insulated wires, joined at the middle.
Disaccharides contain two monosaccharides.
Men also develop osteoporosis and fractures but at a rate three to four times less than women.
Paramecia have two nuclei, a macronucleus and a micronucleus.
Gannets soar above the cliffs on wingspans two metres across.
Art is a matter of enjoyment through the five senses.
Adult deer stand about three feet tall from the ground to shoulder.
Tusks can grow up to ten feet long.
Most foods are actually a combination of all three macronutrients.
Men produce two types of sperm in equal amounts.
Tyrannosaurs have tiny arms, with only two clawed fingers.
Infants can follow back and forth motions as early as three days after birth.
Most caterpillars molt four or five times before they are full-grown.
Women live on average seven years more than men.
Trees become susceptible to injury when they reach a height of about three feet.
Most organizations have at least two levels of security management.
Soccer is a sport that runs all year round with three days of practice for three hours each day.
Nematodes occur in two general forms.
Calves first start to drink water with their trunks from about three months old.
Secondary colors are the three colors that are equal distant from the primary colors.
Deep snow is difficult, with snow deeper than three feet forcing moose find other habitat.
Baryons consist of three quarks, mesons of a quark-antiquark pair.
Propane has three carbon atoms chained together.
Diesel engines produce three different types of particulate matter.
Domestic cats have four rows of whiskers on their muzzle.
African elephants give birth every two to four years.
Some desmids contain two chloroplasts per cell.
Thunderstorms are very dangerous, even when no tornadoes are formed.
Oleanders generally have no serious insect or disease problems.
Ferrets usually reach full adult size by the age of six months.
Bipes has two small front limbs.
Iron comes in two forms.
Ice boats can sail up to five times the speed of the wind.
Common shiners are generally three to four inches long, but can grow as large as six inches.
Food sources contain all eight compounds.
Fish have a two chambered heart.
Domestication demands diversity and that is no less true for fish than for poultry or maize.
InTUition is a vocal ensemble made up of eight to twelve singers.
Water is the only substance on earth that exists naturally in three states.
Sulphur comes in several varieties, such as rings of six, seven, eight and ten atoms.
Mollusks have one or two hearts.
Most leaflets have one to three coarse teeth near their base.
Breastfed babies are half as likely to develop respiratory illness in their first seven years.
Christians are people who are looking in three directions.
Most jellyfish have two basic life stages.
Biennials usually take two years to complete their life cycle.
Soft sleepers are four bed compartments with nice sheets and generally good comfort.
Internalization takes place when all three processes are consistently reinforced.
Herring can survive and spawn for as many as ten years.
Crows have at least five calls which refer to different kinds of danger.
Theosophical literature defines man most often in terms of seven principles or elements.
Young squirrels remain in the nest for about six weeks.
Mothers remain with their young for up to six months.
Sloths hold onto tree branches with strong, curved claws that are on each of their four feet.
Migraines can last from a couple of hours up to four days.
Gestation lasts for three weeks and the young voles reach sexual maturity in a month.
Ozone is a colorless gas, which is composed of three oxygen atoms linked together.
Baptism is the first of three sacraments that make up the sacraments of Christian initiation.
Sculls means each person uses two oars.
Shanghai belongs to the North Asia hot monsoon climate, with four distinctive seasons.
Blindness can occur rapidly, without any pain , since there are no nerves in the retina of the eyes.
Individual plants grow seven to ten inches tall.
Bronze is made by mixing three parts copper to one part tin.
Heat exchange is the composite of four mechanisms in which the body can gain, lose or both.
Sexual reproduction requires two parents and is genetically variable.
Arachnids feature two kinds of eyes, lateral and median ocelli.
Normal cells have two copies of each chromosome.
Reproduction occur two ways sexual reproduction and asexual reproduction.
Humpbacks come in four different colors, ranging from white to black to mottled.
Rats live to around two years of age.
Ozone is a chemical made of three oxygen atoms.
Codons are sets of three adjacent nucleotides which code for an amino acid.
Blobs can fragment into pieces of at least two people.
Herring gulls are good at producing all three eggs into flying birds.
Chronic insomnia is defined as having symptoms at least three nights per week for more than a month.
Infants usually die of pneumonia or other infections before reaching four years of age.
Smoking cigarettes starts as young as eight years of age.
Most candles take about six hours to cool completely, depending on their size.
Body temperature attains ambient levels within four to six hours.
Hands represent two oceanic plates, and thumbs represent magma.
Most food chains contain SIX or more trophic levels.
Single bonds are one line, Double bonds are two lines.
Females possess six mammary glands and can, therefore, nurse all offspring simultaneously.
Smoke detectors come in many styles and two different types.
Motor skills come in two kinds.
Viruses are the smallest of the three pathogens mentioned here.
Snapdragons release four times more scent during the day, when the bees are active, than at night.
Vacuum tubes have essentially three basic types of emitters.
Some European countries require three years of education.
Spiders usually have six fingerlike silk glands called spinnerets located beneath their abdomen.
Arial scale is zero at the edge of the hemisphere.
Some states have laws prohibiting the sale of puppies younger than eight weeks of age.
Reptiles often possess at least two pigments.
Tidal currents are periodic with a net velocity of zero over the tidal cycle.
Tunicates have an average life span of one to three years.
Water is the only substance found on earth naturally in the three forms.
Purine synthesis requires two components of the one-carbon pool.
Arteries have all three tunica layers and sphincter muscles to regulate blood flow.
Black children are three times as likely as whites to be hospitalized for treatment of asthma.
All sloths have three toes.
Ozone is an unstable molecule made up of three oxygen atoms.
Sensorial experiences appeal to the five senses of sight, touch, smell, taste and sound.
Tidal currents are periodic with a net velocity of zero over the particular tidal cycle.
Protons are heavy particles made of three quarks .
Computers operate seven days often into the wee hours of morning.
Rats have two distinct cervices and uterine bodies.
Many lizards display four limbs but there are certain skink species that are completely limbless.
Mosquitoes go through four stages in their life cycle development.
Infected sheep show no symptoms of the disease and are thus silent shedders of the virus.
Unplugged shotguns allow hunters an ammunition capacity of greater than three shells.
Tobacco currently kills four million people per year.
State law requires every dog or cat to be vaccinated at four months of age and annually thereafter.
Elephant brains are three times human size.
Body heat is lost by the following four mechanisms.
Cats have four types of hairs covering their body.
Calories come in three food components.
Blood pressure is measured using two numbers.
Digital bandwidth enables signal to be condensed as a five to one ratio.
Giraffes sleep less than two hours a day.
Astronomers use two basic techniques to measure distances.
Puppies being picked up can leave at six weeks of age.
Wild dogs have four digits on each foot.
Chlorine is in a group of elements having seven electrons in their outer shells.
Eclipses occur when the three bodies form a nearly straight line.
Flesh flies are grey and black with three black stripes on the back.
Water potential is zero in an open system.
All mammals have at least two legs.
Paramecium has more than eight species.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Coral have two strategies for sexual reproduction- broadcast and brooding.
Every human has two kidneys.
Cancer can take six or more years to develop.
Superficial hemangiomas are the most common of the three types.
Cockroaches reproduce on an average of four times per year.
Sharks have at least five rows of teeth.
Wetlands cover approximately eight percent of Arkansas' land surface.
Boolean algebra includes five axioms.
Some females give birth successfully every few years while others produce no calves at all.
Alleles fall into six classes based on somatic, gonadal and dauer phenotypes.
Organic chemists are also very interested in the three dimensional shapes of molecules.
Vibrations come from two main sources, internal or external.
Rattlesnakes can grow up to six feet in length.
Hungry children are up to three times more likely than others to have health problems.
Rancidity can be of two types, hydrolytic and oxidative.
Many orchids take five to seven years to mature to flowering.
Babies are six times more likely to die in their first year of life.
Ozone is a molecule made of three oxygen atoms linked together.
Ammonia is found in two forms in the pond.
Democracy means putting a cross on a piece of paper once every five years.
Breast cancer occurs in one out of every nine women.
Diamonds can be from ten to hundreds times harder than corundum.
Silver is ten times more abundant than gold.
Hockey is a game played by six good players and the home team.
Ground squirrels breed once a year, averaging seven to eight per litter.
Most insects have a larval stage known as a 'grub', with six legs.
Eternity is a game for one to four players, human or computer.
Clean culture is important since no herbicides are registered for use on rhubarb.
Ospreys begin breeding at three or more years.
Some wolves can live up to ten years.
Lampreys are primitive, jawless fishes, lack paired fins, and have seven porelike gill openings.
Drone brood has a capped phase that is three days longer than the worker bees.
All female kangaroos have a well-developed pouch that opens forward and contains four teats.
ProFusion is a meta-search engine that submits a query to as many as nine search engines.
Some crows stay with their parents for up to five years or longer.
Waves reach three feet in height.
Menses usually occurs for a period of five days, after which the preliferative stage begins.
Many languages have two quite different types of equational sentences.
Termolecular steps involve the simultaneous collision of three reacting species.
Shrews feed on insects, and usually eat three times their body weight in food each day.
Most children experience at least one episode by the time they are seven years old.
Bull trout reach maturity in four to seven years and live as long as twelve years.
Beak sculpture consists of five or six distinct angled ridges.
Computer viruses spread in three general ways.
Natural selenium contains six stable iso- topes.
Minorities are no less likely than whites to suffer from illnesses that cause great pain.
Comets come from two regions in the outer solar system.
Embryonal cell divides and form eight celled octant.
Springtails reproduce quickly usually within three to five weeks.
Air speed is measured by two methods.
Gestation is eight months and a cow gives birth in the spring to one and sometimes twin calves.
Young centipedes have four pairs of legs when they are hatched.
Horses can lose five to ten percent of their body weight during strenuous competition.
Some places use only sand or ash and no chemicals at all.
Some apartment complexes are as small as four units while others have hundreds of individual units.
Natural gas contains four atoms of hydrogen for every one atom of carbon.
Spiders can have zero to twelve eyes.
Psychologists participate in the affairs of business and industry in at least three ways.
Most people have no symptoms once the worms enter the intestines.
Oxygen forms two bonds.
Spiny lobsters have no claws and carry a spine studded shell.
Recurrent miscarriage is defined as three consecutive fetal losses.
Sight is foremost among our five senses.
Bivalves consist of two shells.
Most species have five rows of tube feet extending from mouth to anus .
Alligators mature at the age of ten to twelve and are six feet long.
Tomatoes come in two classes, determinate and indeterminate.
Value is a relative fact that varies in significance from zero to infinity.
Hemorrhages usually resorb and seven to ten days at sea level without impairment of vision.
Reversed language begins to develop from as early as four months of age.
Insects also have three pair of legs coming from the thorax.
Human beings have no righteousness of our own.
Breast cancer occurs in females in four generations.
Love is a four letter word.
Wolves live and hunt in packs of around six to ten animals.
Ornamental grasses can offer a special textural element which persevere through four seasons.
Spectacled caimans breed for about four months during the wet season each year.
American women are four to seven times more likely than Asian women to die of breast cancer.
Humans have two kidneys that work identical.
Simple rioting is punishable with up to five years' jail and caning.
Viruses exist in two distinct states.
Molecular hydrogen has two main roles in interstellar space.
Lancelets display all four of the vertebrate characteristics throughout their lives.
National immunization vaccinates all children under four against polio.
Birds have two types of nephrons.
Ossification begins up to seven months before birth.
Many countries have a zero tolerance level for karnal bunt in imported wheat.
Personal computers used for businesses generally originate from four sources today.
Fulmars occur in two different color phases.
Women are five times more likely to be assaulted by an intimate partner then by a stranger.
Long Island has no mountains or high, steep hills.
Aardvarks have four sharp, spoon-shaped claws on their front feet and five on their hind feet.
Wood is less energy intensive than all three competing materials.
Dutch law permits possession of up to five grams of light drugs for personal consumption.
Radon is the heaviest known gas, nine times heavier than air.
Many people say the ruminant has four stomachs.
Firm contractions begin within two minutes of drug administration.
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women are.
Oxygen starvation leads to brain cells committing suicide over the following three to four days.
Bees can fly four to five kilometers and therefore can transport pollen for that distance.
Annihilation is actually a merger of two mods.
Lynx is the name given to four wild cats from the felidae family.
Deer show no symptoms of the disease.
Mice get sexually mature by eight weeks.
Lampreys reach up to a length of four feet and as small as five inches.
Smokers are four times more likely to have gum disease than nonsmokers are.
All carbohydrates have four calories of energy per gram of weight.
Rats can jump up to three feet and climb wires and pipe very well.
Some children eat all three meals at school, only going home to sleep and on weekends.
Cellulose contains nothing that is considered hazardous, and carries no hazardous warning messages.
Equatorial Guinea has no territories or colonies.
Young nymphs have three horns instead of the one seen on the adults.
Hickory is two counties north of Springfield.
Cell walls form around each group of three nuclei.
Caterpillars feed approximately two months and then pupate.
Decapod crustaceans have five pairs of limbs.
Formal communication has four subcategories of communication types.
Spectroscopic binaries are two stars that seem to be one.
Some animals have only two or three chambers.
Most people report an average battery life of one to three days.
Teens can become alcohol dependent in as few as six months.
Trinity is cruciform in shape, the cross formed by six squares.
Young females can mate when only three months old and give birth when four months old.
Cows produce milk for seven to ten months after they freshen , or give birth.
Sleep paralysis is rare, probably four times in the last couple of years.
Pride remains the deadliest of the seven deadly sins.
Trees begin to flower and bear fruit about four years after planting.
Clover leaves with three to nine leaflets, illustrating a tendency to mutate.
Astronomers fall in two classes - professionals and amateurs.
Some infectious diseases have no treatments that work well .
Economists describe economic activity as having three levels of knowledge intensity.
Women are eight times more likely to get a UTI than men.
True soil has three definite regions of material.
Indoor pollution is ten times as toxic as outdoor air.
Coughs come in two varieties-acute and chronic.
Idioms sometimes have two or more different meanings.
Libraries serve at least three roles in learning.
Stabilizers are also critical to operation of three point guidance systems.
Organisms have two forms of nucleic acid.
Destructive power plays two main roles in society.
Women live five to ten years longer than men.
Land plants share four key features only with the charophyceans.
Head lice can survive three to four days once dislodged from the host.
Biennial plants live two years and reproduce by seed.
Calcium has two allotropes .
Postneonatal deaths refer to deaths after the first four weeks but before the end of the first year.
Pride is another of the seven capital sins.
Bacteria can have three distinctive shapes.
Eaglets develop feathers within the first month, and begin to fly at three months.
Most aortic aneurysms have no symptoms at all.
Seasonal variation accounts for only a small fraction of the total variance in all eight pesticides.
Box turtles are mature and capable of mating at five years old.
Shorebirds usually flock into groups of ten or more.
True spores are known in several forms, but no traces of sexual organs exist.
Every isometry is the composition of one, two, or three reflections .
Plants grow to a height of ten to twelve inches.
Scorpions breathe through four pairs of book lungs on the underside of their abdomen.
Cold electricity presents a form of electric energy without electron flow, i.e. zero current.
Structural cohesion is also of two different sorts.
High doses can cause coma, but there are no records of fatal overdose.
Hurricane season begins in about four weeks.
Most polyps have no symptoms at all.
Some sharks can replace their front teeth every two weeks.
Most infections produce no symptoms in people.
Natural lanthanum is a mixture of two stable isotopes.
Glycolysis oxidizes glucose to two pyruvic acid molecules.
Some people have no symptoms but are still infected and able to transmit gonorrhea.
Lambs are hidden for the first two days after birth.
Illiteracy is a fact of life for roughly three fifths of the population.
Sponges are subdivided into three classes.
Most spiders have eight simple eyes.
Violent crime knows no boundaries of time, place, sex, or race.
Hydra has two distinct methods of reproduction, asexual and sexual.
Cleavage is good in two directions at right angles.
Sexual healing encompasses three broad, interrelated categories of work.
Autism involves a gender factor, i.e., it affects males about four times more than females.
Double bond means two pair of electrons are shared.
True crabs have five pairs of legs including the claws.
Sexual maturity is reached at about six months old.
Smoking causes around one in five deaths from heart disease.
Biologists have two basic models for how new species form.
Bees only live about six weeks.
Rats bathe themselves, usually six times a day or more.
Federal law requires all children under seven years old to wear a lifejacket.
Smoking is responsible for one out of five American deaths.
Internet users account for only five per cent of the world s population.
Children can lose consciousness in two minutes following submersion.
Arachnids always have four pairs of legs.
Bats can live up to seven years.
Thin walls develop around six of the nuclei.
Scorpions molt an average of six times before maturity.
Hedgehogs give birth to one to seven babies which are born with the spines just below the skin.
Antibiotic prophylaxis is warranted only in patients with four or more exacerbations per year.
Hair loss affects one out of three men and one in five women.
ABA can affect the cell in three different ways depending on the tissue involved.
Most programmable circuits have at least two channels.
Marriage is the holy reality of two becoming one.
Human beings are two parts.
Corals usually are less than three feet long.
Pacific leatherbacks divide into two populations.
Mynahs begin speaking at three to four months of age.
Brain damage begins in as few as four or five minutes without oxygen.
Eggs contain all nine essential amino acids.
Cattle have a stomach with four compartments.
Zygotes have two copies of all chromosomes.
Ionic mercury can exist in two forms.
Smokers are five times more likely to have periodontal disease than non-smokers.
Nature has a nearly four billion year history of testing the materials and products and processes.
Emitted energy is difference between the two energy levels.
Economic systems are in reality three sector open economies.
Computers have no problems with locating and remembering numeric addresses.
Pups depend on their mother during the first six to eight months of their life.
Involuntary homicide is defined as a negligent killing punishable by up to three years in prison.
Cells normally divide into two equal halves.
Sexual maturity is reached at between one and two years.
Asbestos is a commercial term applied to the asbestiform varieties of six different minerals.
Yellowfins grow quickly, attaining the weight of eight pounds by their first birthday.
All earwigs have three body parts, head, thorax, and abdomen.
Autism affects three major dimensions of life.
Nitrogen prefers to form three bonds and have one lone pair of electrons.
Females normally have two X chromosomes.
Plants provide food and cover, two vital needs for both.
Butane has four carbon molecules, so it's heavier than propane.
Chlorine has two naturally occurring isotopes.
Women are eight times more likely to die of heart disease than breast cancer.
China is a country with over five thousand years of recorded history.
Calves begin to take in a few fish at three to four months.
Most street children have virtually no access to health care and community services.
Cubs stay with their mothers for two to three years.
Military service is fulfilled by voluntary enlistment, generally for a period of nine years.
Niobium occurs primarily in two minerals, columbite and pyrochlore.
Tobacco is responsible for nearly one in five deaths in the United States.
Influenza vaccine becomes effective two weeks after it is received.
Maggots are legless, white insects that feed from the egg-laying site for three to five days.
Absolute pressure is referenced against absolute zero pressure, or a complete vacuum.
Teenage drivers have three times the fatality rate of their parents.
Germs have no means of locomotion except to attach themselves to particles of dust.
Octopuses are characterized by their eight arms , usually bearing suction cups .
Car crashes kill an average of seven children each day.
White lies rot into black lies after two hours.
Bivalves have two valves and are symmetrical between the valves.
Virtual community is community at zero cost.
Eye donation gives sight to two corneally blind persons.
Many mothers tend to monitor feeds by the clock at intervals of every three hours.
Turtles are fully mature when their shell length is eight inches long.
Magnets have two kinds of poles.
Millipedes have two pairs of legs on each body segment.
Slack tides occur three or four times.
Pipits are ground nesters , laying up to six speckled eggs .
Fiddleheads are completely organic, grown with no additives or artificial fertilizers.
Skin cancers are likely to recur within three years after treatment.
Aerobic Exercise Try to do some aerobic exercise at least five times a week.
Smoking is responsible for an estimated one in five U.S. deaths.
Front feet have five toes, including a small toe corresponding to our thumb.
Seabirds drink seawater that has a salt content three times greater than the bird's body fluids.
Nitrates can be especially toxic to children under six months of age.
Female mammals have two X chromosomes.
Holograms are apparent images with three dimensional structure.
Language has two forms, written and spoken.
Plants grow to a height of seven feet.
Female meerkats can have up to three litters in one year .
Hospice care is designed to be of benefit during the last six months of life.
Women are three times more likely than men to be victims of rheumatoid arthritis .
Bowling balls range in weight from six to sixteen pounds.
Some people think that reduced-fat means no calories or reduced calories.
Mutant embryos show two types of spindle formation defects.
Mammals have a dentition divided into three distinct types of teeth.
Cannabis seeds are planted and germinate in three to seven days.
Loons eat approximately two pounds of fish each day.
Dragons are usually four legged, around the size of a small home to that of a chapel.
Cremation is against the law in The Gambia, and no crematoriums operate in The Gambia.
Some filamentous colonies show the ability to differentiate into three different cell types.
Termites appear to have TWO body segments and straight antennae.
Solvents are of two kinds, polar and non-polar .
Young borers hatch in about a week, tunnel into stems, feed and are full grown in about four weeks.
Phosphoric acid contains three hydrogen ions.
Ants have four distinct growing stages, the egg, larva, pupa and the adult.
Fats have three important roles in a pet's diet.
Every animal has four limbs.
Western culture offers only two genders, man or woman.
Women are three times as likely as men to attempt suicide.
Wormholes contain two mouths, with a throat connecting the two.
Couples therapy allows two people to seek treatment together.
Meteorologists produce lists of names for the ten major hurricane producing ocean basins.
Ruminants have an even number of toes on each foot and a stomach with either three or four chambers.
Barn swallows are about six to seven and one half inches in length.
Cubs eat meat from their sixth week and they remain weaned six to eight months.
Whooping cranes are the tallest birds in North America, standing over four feet tall.
Real shadows have two parts, the umbra and penumbra.
Comprehension is the second of the three elements of the informed consent process.
Most Amish families eat three meals a day together.
Females usually reach sexual maturity at about four years of age, males at about six years.
Distance Reports the distance between the last two picked atoms.
Gibbons show no signs of sexual dimorphism that is common in many other primates.
Black people are at four times more risk than white people.
Ozone is formed when three atoms of oxygen are bound together, instead of the normal two.
Blood is composed of two major constituents.
Domestic dogs can reproduce at approximately six month intervals, though usually less frequently.
Worker bees have four pairs of wax glands on the underside of their abdomens.
Jerboas can jump five to ten feet in a single leap, or they can move using short hops.
Sporophytes form two types of sporangia.
Connection is a two way exchange of attention.
Wrinkles begin to form at eight weeks.
Flower buds start to form in about six weeks.
Dogs take between ten and thirty breaths a minute, depending on their size.
Object codes are the last four digits of the ten digit account code.
All spiders have eight legs and most have eight eyes.
Jewish law prohibits the mixing of two kinds of anything.
Plant based foods contain the three critical amino acids in varying amounts.
Black bears stand around three feet tall at the shoulder.
Piglets mature quickly and become sexually mature when they are about six months old.
Eyes are small with no eyebrows or lashes.
Ctenophores move by beating the cilia on their eight ctenes.
Asexual reproduction means there is no meiosis or fertilization.
Gliders produce at least three distinct odors.
Turkey has no territories or colonies.
Yoga is defined as having eight branches.
Sunflowers require five to seven days from planting to emergence.
Irrigation can increase land productivity by three to seven times, especially in the north.
Medical science takes eight months or more to create a vaccine once a new strain appears.
Protein has four calories of energy per gram.
Butter comes in two forms salted and unsalted.
Homosexuals are six times more likely to commit suicide than heterosexuals and more are alcoholics.
Men are three times more likely than women to have a protected wage job.
Tics affect males three times more frequently than females.
Nucleotides only require two phosphorylations.
Crabs have ten legs including the claws.
Streptomyces are of special interest for two reasons.
Addictive drugs have three defining characteristics.
Fasciculations are present in the tongue at rest, and all four proximal extremities.
Mammals Note the five vertebral regions - cervical, thoracic, lumbar, sacral and caudal.
Cysts are small vesicles filled with a clear fluid and usually cause no complaints at all.
All monsoon climates share three basic physical mechanisms.
Older frogs lose their skin around four times yearly.
Crinum lilies are members of the amaryllis family, having six petals in their blooms.
Disintegration can take two forms.
Foods are of two types, acid or alkaline.
Fertilizers display the balance of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium using three numbers.
Adult tarantulas require a minimum of three to five crickets a week.
Polymers have ten different kinds of phase transitions.
Infants born of immune mothers have antibodies for upto six months of their lives.
Most people start smoking daily in grades six through nine.
Sediment particles themselves have two methods of transport.
Light can provide energy by two fundamentally different mechanisms.
Farmers are born weighing more than seven pounds.
Women are often gang-raped by groups of ten or more, or are taken as sexual slaves.
Birds can sometimes be variable due to the two reasons.
Photosynthesis is split up into two parts.
Brazil is among the top three producers of sugar cane.
Yellow flowers blossom after the first three weeks of growth.
Young birds leave the nest after three or four months.
Meteorites can be of four basic types.
Rice contains two carbohydrate components - amilopectin and amilose.
Anxiety disorders affect approximately seven to fifteen percent of the population.
Delphinium has no florets or they are full of holes.
Platypus shows no signs of evolution.
Collards fall into two groups.
Implants are an extremely effective form of contraception and can last for up to five years.
Newborns usually cry about one to four hours a day.
Modern technology makes it possible to examine and treat infants even under six months of age.
Advanced ceramics are hard, tough and durable and have three times the strength of a decade ago.
Deforestation concerns people for two major reasons.
Ants have two stomachs.
Young birds have a head and body moult about five weeks after hatching.
Most growers treat crops such as plants in the Ericaceae three to four times per year.
Finches breed when the female is over one year old and the male is under five year old.
Emulsions are stable mixtures of two immiscible liquids.
Perennials are plants that live for two or more years.
Spiders possess eight legs , in contrast to insects, who possess only six.
Some sources claim there are more like five million vertebrate animals in zoos.
Cattle require seven pounds of feed in order to gain one pound of live weight.
All amphibians have four legs with the exception of caecilians, which are limbless.
Children acquire language at tremendously variable rates during the first four years of life.
Delusions are false beliefs that have no basis in reality.
Ringtailed lemurs have a four and a half month gestation.
Absolute pressure is based on a zero reference point, the perfect vacuum.
Some saints have the power in five minutes to change the heart of any human being from evil to good.
Some wind turbines produce as much as three times their rated power during gusts.
Linen cloth is mentioned in all four gospels.
Electrons tunnel more freely if the two fields are aligned.
Some substances become superconductors, which can carry electricity with no loss of energy.
Decaffeinated coffee is produced by three different methods.
Arthritis is characterised by four major observable changes in the joints.
Lynx have fur for two reasons.
Nuclear transfer involves the use of two cells.
State law requires all dogs over the age of four months to be vaccinated against rabies.
Crickets usually live for about two months.
Dolls measure anywhere between four and ten inches tall.
Natural tungsten contains five stable isotopes.
Whole numbers are the natural numbers , but whole numbers always include zero .
Most small boats have difficulty maneuvering in seas of five feet or greater.
Jade plants do best where they get four or more hours a day of direct sunlight.
Sexual maturity is reached at four years of age.
Scorpions have eight legs and a pair of lobster-like pinchers and a tail that curves up.
South Bend has four distinct seasons of the year.
Royal ferns can grow up to six feet in height, and generate many fronds.
Deer are born with four teeth on their lower jaw.
Medical professionals advise drinking six glasses of water each day.
Crabs have nine pairs of gills.
Grasshoppers have two bulky eyes on top of the head.
Chinchillas become sexually mature between six and eight months old.
Chronic diarrhea is common in all three syndromes.
Butterflies go through a four stage developmental process known as metamorphosis.
Most sea spiders have four pairs of legs.
Bacteria become resistant to antibiotics through just two basic routes.
Most seeds fall near the parent plant and can remain viable for as long as ten years.
Natural erbium is a mixture of six stable isotopes .
G is the note located between the first and second black notes of the set of three black notes.
Bacteria produce two diffrent ways, sexually and asexually.
Electric charge builds up whenever two materials are separated.
Flash cube is a now obsolete bulb containing four small flash bulbs built into a single unit.
Most people only gain ten pounds or less which is much less of a health risk than smoking.
Diplomacy is a communication process that has three main elements.
Tropical rainforests have up to six layers.
Soybeans have three types of leaves.
Mongolian children learn to ride when they are as young as three years old.
Japan has four distinct seasons.
Liberation day is a public holiday once every five years.
Sugar beet is strongly self-sterile setting few or no seeds under strict isolation.
Biceps have two heads, triceps have three.
Many families are two income families.
Pit vipers have two holes, or pits, on their snouts.
River dolphins are four living species of dolphin, which reside in freshwater rivers and estuaries.
Pregnancy is broken down into three phases, which are called trimesters.
Butterflies go through four life stages, and they look very different at each stage.
Mutualism is two organisms which are interdependent.
Lip tattoos wear well for approximately four to five years and fade over time.
Calves remain hidden for much of the time, and are weaned by three months of age.
Cytokinesis occurs producing four haploid daughter cells.
Houseflies are grey and black with four black stripes on the back.
Plants are categorized into two groups.
Summer lasts for nine months of the year, and winter is only a dulling of the ever-present heat.
Children ages one to three years are the most common victims of poisoning.
Trees require watering every three to four weeks during a drought.
Krill employ two types of spawning mechanism.
Muskrats eat aquatic vegetation and can stay under water for up to five minutes.
Polyploidy can occur in two ways.
Illness knows no boundaries and impacts upon people who have both a home and a work life.
Ground squirrels have a single litter a year that averages from four to nine young.
Immature scorpions molt an average of six times before maturity.
Volcanoes emit two sorts of ozone-depleting compounds.
Light chains exist in two classes, lambda and kappa.
Ovulation failure accounts for one in five cases, as do blocked or diseased fallopian tubes.
Myelinated axons can transmit nerve impulses up to ten times faster than unmyelinated axons.
Sensation overlaps the two fields of mind and matter.
Spatial complexity is varied in three different ways.
Taxonomists recognize up to eight species of burdock.
All insects have three A. compound eyes.
Tadpoles emerge about four days after fertilization.
Purines have two ring structures.
Some studies show that cloth diapering has four times the burden on water supplies than disposables.
Political parties have no business in the media.
Cosmetic coloration has two different types.
Species vary in size and appearance, with the largest having a leg span of about nine inches.
More evolution can produce two distinct species.
Diuretics produce virtually no loss of calories, only loss of vital body fluids.
Fuel cells are about three times as efficient as an internal combustion engine.
Style is a string that contains zero or more of the characters n , s , e or w .
Lightning is three times hotter than the surface of the sun.
Geological engineering integrates two disciplines - geology and engineering.
Winter squash is derived from all four species and is eaten after the fruit has matured.
Solids can exhibit five different types of magnetic behavior depending on their atomic structure.
Goats are ruminants, and like cattle, they have four stomach compartments.
Radioactive waste is deposited in four concrete tanks within a fenced area.
Dunlins have a mean life span of eight years for males and four years for females.
Cleavage is distinct in two directions lengthwise, prismatic.
Evolutionary selection involves two categories of events.
Female hummingbirds are born with two ovaries.
Proturans have small appendages ventral on the first three abdominal segments.
Armed carjackings are common in Nairobi, with some ten vehicles stolen by armed robbers each day.
Most suicidal adults visit a medical doctor during the three months prior to killing themselves.
Red meat is a good source of which seven nutrients.
Rainbow trout breed every three to five years.
Natural ytterbium is a mixture of seven stable isotopes.
Many Viennese houses have of two or more staircases.
Orange tortrix has four to seven generations per year.
Most children are able to speak fluently by five to six years of age.
Moles are about the size of chipmunks and can weigh anywhere from three to six ounces.
Smokers die from ruptured aneurysms four times more often than nonsmokers.
Kayak paddles have two blades, canoe paddles have one.
Trilobites have a segmented body that is divided by into three vertical lobes.
Misdemeanors have juries of six persons, while felonies have twelve.
Laryngeal cancer is four times more common in men than women.
Birds can nest in snags as small as four inches in diameter.
Western medicine uses two approaches, drugs or surgery.
Guns are the second leading cause of death of young people between the ages of ten and twenty-four.
Wine comes in a variety of flavors, but there are only three basic types.
Llamas have five distinctive natural gaits.
Snow is on the ground for close to seven months out of the year.
Fluorescent lamps are much more efficient than incandescent bulbs and last six to ten times longer.
Japanese spirea get to about five feet tall and about as wide.
Front feet have four digits and their hind feet have five.
Normal cells have a telomere ladder, each containing partials up to seven subunits.
Mistletoe plants are male or female with tiny yellow-green flowers with four petals.
Hemorrhage is extremely uncommon in an eye which has had no previous surgery.
Insects are very numerous and include four species of the abundant and beautiful morpho butterflies.
Flesh expresses itself and functions through three primary appetites.
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission .
African elephants are the larger of the two species.
Young cottontails are born blind with no ears either.
Sulphite oxidase is a homodimer, each monomer consisting of three structural domains.
Scientists believe that life first appeared on Earth nearly four billion years ago.
Nests Have at least one nest for every three to four hens.
Ostriches have only two toes on each foot.
Catalytic lacquers come in two varieties, pre and post.
Water occurs naturally in three forms that people see every day.
Airplanes provide safe travel for two main reasons.
Irregular galaxies have no obvious spiral or elliptical structure.
Striped hyenas live in Africa and Asia, but the other three hyena species only live in Africa.
Shock resistance is about four times that of sheet acrylic plastic, but less than for polycarbonate.
Muscles have three basic states.
Cells divide in two stages .
Nonverbal messages carry over four times the weight of verbal messages.
Sexual maturity is reached after two to five years.
Ostriches come in at least two breeds.
Convulsion begins at three months of age.
Mangos freeze well and can be frozen with no additives if they are very ripe.
Carbon can have six, seven, or eight neutrons.
Most cats give birth to between one and nine kittens.
Vision tends to improve until it stabilises around the age of five or six.
Most school counselors work nine or ten months a year with time off during school vacations.
Mathematics have many abstractions including the seven postulates of Euclidean geometry.
Stress incontinence affects three times as many Caucasian women as African-American women.
Golf is played on gravel and baseball has two bases.
Cardiovascular disease kills ten times as many women each year.
Elves are the first of the eight families of fairy People.
Most newborns nurse every one to three hours, even at night.
Calves suckle for two years then eat solid food.
Viruses seem able to cause cancer in three ways.
Cubs reach independence at approximately two to three years old.
Perennial weeds are weeds that live more than two years.
Horseradish root Take two capsules with meals three times daily.
Some fish are more than six feet long.
Love is two minds without a single thought.
Normal blood contains five grams of sodium per pint.
All steroids consist of four interlocking rings.
Meditation has no conflicts with any religion.
Plants grow to a height of twelve inches and ten inches wide.
Water emits oscillations that are measurable from zero through Megahertz.
Cot death is the sudden and unexpected death of a baby for no obvious reason.
Pups continue to suckle until four months of age.
Wetlands serve three major functions for fish communities.
Beans contain fiber and at least five other cholesterol cutters.
Raptors get a different diet every two days.
Most Atlantic mackerel are sexually mature by the age of three years.
Visual development continues to a lesser extent until the child is six to nine years old.
Some autoimmune diseases fall between the two types.
Oral contraceptives have three mechanisms of action.
Women lose an average of three pounds a week, men an average of five.
Lung disease is America's number three killer, responsible for one in seven deaths.
Most species have three jaws equipped with small, sharp teeth.
Edge is the space where two different ecosystems meet.
Leek flavor is mild and is used as a green onion since no bulbs are formed.
Some devices have monochrome screens that display images in four shades of gray.
Insects have two antennae.
Children are usually able to brush and floss by themselves at six or seven years of age.
Lasers consist of four components.
Depression is a common illness that occurs in about ten percent of people the world over.
Many children show no symptoms of poisoning.
Flat screens come in two varieties, analog and digital.
Otters have two to three pups in late spring.
Healthy eating is based on three simple principles -balance, moderation and variety.
Ethiopian women face a one in nine chance of dying.
Most species have four legs, but a few that live in water lack hind legs.
All feldspars have two cleavage directions.
Domestic dogs have three lower, but only two upper molars.
Men are four times as likely to commit suicide than women.
Ladybugs have two ocelli, or simple eyes.
Yellow perch are golden or brassy yellow with six to nine dark vertical bars on their sides.
Boys are ten times as likely to be diagnosed with ADD than girls.
Hurricanes pack enough water and wind to power the United States for six months.
Carnivals travel for as much as seven months out of the year.
Narwhals have two teeth in their upper jaw.
Mediastinal teratomas are five times more common in adults than in children.
Most headaches are muscle tension headaches, migraines, or head pain with no obvious cause.
Most cacti grow better with full sun or at least four to five hours of bright sunlight a day.
All sloths have three toes on each hind foot.
Ion chromatography is practiced in two forms.
Severe outbreaks occur about every five years, affecting both livestock and people.
Cytoplasm contains two major types of granules.
Earth is two and one-half times more massive than Mars.
Chemists use one or two lettters to represent elements.
All dogs have four legs.
Warfare exists where two kingdoms are in mortal conflict.
Acoustic instruments consist of four main parts neck, top, back and sides.
Cnidarian bodies have two or sometimes three layers.
Performance art employs the three dimensions of space and the fourth dimension of time.
Spot reach sexual maturity at ages two and three.
Red meat has twice as much iron as chicken and three times as much as fish.
Elderly women are nearly three times as likely to be widowed as male seniors.
Most animals use four or more legs.
Tulips bloom on bulbous plants , with large, showy flowers with six petals.
Stable nitrogen has seven protons and seven neutrons.
Salt is more viscous than ice by about three orders of magnitude.
Infertility affects up to one in every five U.S. couples.
Aardvarks have four toes on the front feet and five toes on their back feet.
Wolves attain sexual maturity at about two years old.
Normals have two normal genes.
Bullheads usually bite in two ways.
Cockscombs come in two different shapes.
Faith is to the spiritual realm what the five senses are to the natural realm.
European standards have four sizes of poodles.
Mitosis normally takes one to three hours to complete.
All vertebrates have four homeobox complexes, each on separate chromosomes.
Whole grains contain all three parts of the grain - the bran, endosperm, and germ.
Carbohydrates come in two forms, simple and complex.
Cottonmouths can reach six feet long.
Neurons are acutely sensitive to stress, possibly because they exhibit little or no stress response.
Many parents stop reading picture books when a child turns five or older.
General dictionaries are of two types.
Infections are uncommon before six weeks of age - breast feeding seems to be somewhat protective.
Most automobile tires have two plies.
Fleas can stay in the cocoon for periods ranging from less than a week to more than four months.
Lice pass through a three-stage life cycle, including three stages as immature nymphs.
Black contours correspond to zero displacement.
Anarchism views society on the basis of two fundamental pillars.
Smokers run ten times the risk of death from lung cancer that nonsmokers do.
Women now constitute over thirty three percent of the global work force.
Smoking is responsible for one out of every five deaths in the United States.
Some male fish return after just two years.
Women have four times as many problems as men presumably from walking in high heels.
Sharks are capable of surviving on average six weeks without eating.
All giraffes are one species containing nine subspecies distinguished only by spot patterns.
Aromatherapy is derived from two words.
Earth has three main layers, crust, mantle, and a core.
Wild blueberries take two years to bear fruit.
Humans have more than five senses.
Alligator gars have two rows of teeth.
Colors match when the three responses of light are the same.
Leopard sharks range in size from three to six feet long and school in the shallows in the summer.
Guenons mature sexually at the age of four years.
Intense rainfall causes two types of destruction.
Thunderstorms produce two types of wind.
Most crabs die before the onset of a fourth winter, which is a life span of about three years.
Darkness prevails eight months of the year.
Reactive resin is the last of the three types of balls.
Baleen whales have two blowholes .
Tetrahedrons only form in isometric minerals that have four fold rotoinversion axes.
Moles breed in late winter or spring and have a gestation period of four to six weeks.
Body waves are of two types, compressional and shear .
Skateboards have three basic parts.
Spiders have eight jointed legs and two body parts.
Small intestine is made up of three regions namely duodenum, jejunum and ileum.
Female meerkats can have up to three litters in one year.
Humans can and do get by on less than eight hours of sleep.
Every cell has two long flagella.
Caterpillars have six legs on thorax, and prolegs, which are fleshy appendages on abdomen.
Frequency is a film that has three levels of interplay.
Selenium has several allotropic forms, but only three are generally recognized.
Some deserts receive only three or four inches of rain a year.
Bladder cancer affects men three times as often as women.
Ammonia is added three hours after the chlorine, in a process called chloramination .
Most autosomal genes are present in two copies per cell.
Most dogs grow out of the teething stage in about eight months.
Zygospores result from the fusion of two similar hyphal elements.
Kentucky bluegrass uses between four and six pounds of nitrogen per thousand square feet in a year.
Caterpillars molt four or five times as they grow.
Ozone is generated electrically and therefore adds no chemicals into the treated water.
Fats are the most concentrated source of food energy, providing nine calories per gram.
Keyboards are about eight times as long as the computer.
Infants normally seem to cross their eyes until about three months of age.
Smokers also have three times more cavities than nonsmokers.
Most plants do have four direction symmetry because they are unable to move around.
Meteorites come in three forms such as stony, stony-iron and iron based.
Triangles have one, two, three sides.
Toucanets encompass two genera.
Spiny mice are mature at the age of seven weeks and they are fully grown at one hundred fifty days.
Baleen whales have two blowholes.
Japan consists of four islands.
All true insects have six legs.
Ligatures are special characters that consist of two letters.
Neutron stars are very dense, only ten or twenty kilometres across, but more massive than our Sun.
Tumble pigweed is a small plant, about three feet high at maturity.
Most spiders have eight eyes and eight legs.
Guppies are usually able to first breed by the age of three months.
Cats infected usually die within two years.
Mangos are dry when they feel firm but are still leathery and show no pockets of moisture.
Magnets are polarized, meaning every magnet has two opposite ends.
Golden crownbeard is a taprooted annual up to three feet tall.
Sunspots usually come in groups with two sets of spots.
Today there are three types of cameras that can connect to a computer without using a video card.
Oral tolerance is induced by at least two mechanisms.
Sporozoites are elongate, each with two refractile globules.
People display three distinct eating responses to stress.
Quahog clams live in the mud and sand bottom of the bay, usually three or four inches deep.
Christian men interact with boys in groups of six to eight.
Juices are pure no cocktails -they have sugar of some type.
Spider monkeys have no thumbs or it is reduced to a nub.
National research reflects that on average, a motorist keeps a vehicle for nearly eight years.
Lions hunt together, sometimes in packs of four or five to bring down a water buffalo.
Hex code is a six character code that represents thousands of different colors.
Many children remain, on average, four to six years without permanent homes.
Etruscan vaults are of two kinds.
Prostate cancer affects one in five men in their lifetimes.
Grouse come in two different color phases- red and gray.
Laparoscopic surgery is performed via three or four small incisions in the abdomen.
Chinese dragons have five toes, Korean four and Japanese three.
Regular ovulation tends to follow menarche by approximately two years.
Sexual maturity is reached at three to five years.
Many scientists divide satellites into four main groups based on their geologic history.
Comets consist of two parts, a tail and a coma.
Chronic pain is any painful condition lasting for more than six months.
Alcoholics are nearly five times more likely than others to die in motor vehicle crashes.
Whole spices can last up to four years.
Humans have two kidneys located in the lower back.
Termites have three body parts, the head, thorax and adbomen.
Japanese character writing Japanese character writing uses three 'alphabets' at once.
Vibrators come in three distinct 'types'.
Newborns have irregular sleep cycles that take about six months to mature.
Purple loosestrife is a perennial herb with tough stems growing in a clump up to six feet tall.
Mice have four legs, four feet and one tail per unit-mouse.
Diversification means having money in all three types.
Air is over seven times more dense than helium.
Many ants carry seven times their body weight.
Most jet airplanes have two, three, or four engines, depending on aircraft size.
Ospreys are able to breed when they are three years old.
Otters can have two litters of pups a year.
Burglary is twice as common as police records show, and violent crime is three times more prevalent.
Steam distillation refers to the distillation of two immiscible liquids.
Most people eat three meals a day and have been known to drink alcoholic beverages.
Caterpillars have five pairs of prolegs with the last pair having the appearance of a forked tail.
Grasshoppers can fly at speeds up to eight miles per hour.
Most architects work in firms, the majority of which employ fewer than five architects.
Vision problems affect one in four school-aged children.
Deer mice have four toes on the forefeet and five toes on the hind feet.
Lichens are composite, symbiotic organisms made up from members of as many as three kingdoms.
Contrails are formed by two basic processes.
Plant completes is life cycle in TWO growing seasons.
Blisters normally burst and crust over within three to five days.
Orioles usually have a lifespan of three to seven years.
Childcare begins for children who are aged two and older.
Marriage is a uniting of two people at every level.
Many women have mild nausea with some vomiting for the first three months.
Space has three distinct characteristics- length, height and width.
Hmong folktales tell of a land of ice and snow with six months of light and six of darkness.
Most small breeds are full-sized at six or eight months.
Most queens cope well with four to six kittens.
Trees are a long-term investment that can take up to six years to produce.
Most veterinarians suggest that cages are at least three feet in length.
Oman has three national Arabic dailies.
Whales are thought to sleep around eight hours a day.
Buds are pink as the four sepals are pink and are lost when the flower blooms .
Black people are four to five times more likely to be stopped and searched.
Chameleons have two more specialized adaptations.
Little shags live for up to six years.
Tadpoles take three to four months to complete their development.
Months can be a number, spelled out, or abbreviated with three letters.
Dopamine produces two different effects on the biological preparation.
Mollusks usually have three distinct sections.
Art is no less important than food and water.
Counselling is important in a marriage for two willing participants.
Drug abusers are tardy for work three times more often than non-abusers.
Mites have a six legged nymph stage and an eight legged adult stage.
Most rashes occur within the first three weeks of treatment.
Some phalaropes probably live for ten or more years.
Eagles acquire adult plumage at four to five years of age.
Stratospheric ozone is measured using two different instruments.
Nouns occur in two forms, primary and secondary.
Syllabic signs represent a combination of two or three consonants.
Bison are about six feet tall.
Many schools have zero tolerance policies to keep campuses safe, free of drugs and guns.
Choppers have two or three blades.
Bilateral symmetry is two -sided.
Natural copper contains two isotopes.
Some skulls show the marks of up to six bullets.
Plants are reproductively mature at three years of age.
Flies only have two wings, so count the wings.
Adhesions frequently develop during the first three to five days after surgery.
Alleles segregate independently yielding four possible allelic combinations in gametes.
Love is the binding force which unites two people.
Dead stalks can remain poisonous for two or three seasons.
Sows are hand-mated in groups with the breeding period restricted to seven days for each group.
Opsins are G protein coupled receptors and have seven transmembrane domains.
Salt takes three days to start to develop, and can keep growing for about a week.
Most countries use just two or three languages.
Rabbits are meticulous groomers who shed every three months.
Blood clots can cause ischemia and infarction in two ways.
Spider has two motors for driving the legs.
Lions eat once every three days, and they had just eaten, so the kudu was lucky.
Monads have no windows by which anything goes in or out.
Carpenter ants make two types of nests.
Continental margins have three main parts.
Sexual maturity is reached within two to four years.
Basaltic eruptions can produce two different types of flow.
Electronic ink is three to six times brighter than reflective LCDs.
Rifts develop from separate domes creating three legged rift faults that join each other.
Some tropical bats can have two pregnancies a year.
Angiosperms do as a rule contain five strands of vascular bundles.
Nothing can move faster than light in either the three spatial dimensions or time.
Stability is achieved by having only two atoms per molecule.
Some tropical species have two or three generations per year.
Good sociologists are people who see the world through four years of theories and studies.
Most people develop detectable antibodies within three months if they are really infected.
Asthma accounts for one in six of all pediatric emergency visits in the United States.
Lampreys go through four years of larval development before becoming adults.
Elephants replace their teeth  six times.
Synchronized swimmers can spend more than eight hours in the pool every day.
Japan says that whales consume five times as much fish as humans.
Cometary orbits come in two classes.
Toenails are similar , except that they grow four times slower and are on the toes .
China produces four times as much tobacco as the next largest producer, the United States.
Polyploidy arises in two distinctly different ways.
Trading is a zero sum game when measured relative to underlying fundamental values.
Geometry consists of two parts, plane and solid.
Most people spend the equivalent of three days a year paying bills.
Plastics are of two types.
Nymphs go through three instars and a pupa stage before reaching adulthood.
Snow usually covers the ground at least nine months of the year.
Sea turtles are among the four surviving seawater-adapted reptiles.
Seedcorn maggots have three larval stages.
Monarch caterpillars have two pairs of filaments.
Most mosquitoes live about three weeks, depending on the species.
Today is a day that only comes around once every four years.
Sculpture involves the two different processes of carving and modeling.
Most Screech owls have from four to six young.
Delta rockets can boost five satellites per launch.
Children ages three to eight years learn what to expect when a new baby comes.
Medicinal valerian is a hardy perennial that reaches about five feet.
Eyes occupy the most prominent place among the five sensory organs of our body.
Shoulder injuries tend to take a long time to heal - sometimes up to six to nine months.
Today there are two quite distinct philosophies in fencing.
Plant life is critical to all three life cycles.
Syphilis exhibits many parallels to the other nine chronic diseases mentioned above.
Insects are different from other arthropods because they have six legs and three body regions.
Blooms come in clusters of six or more and start as tightly furled light pink buds.
Pentatonic scales consist of only five intervals.
Crystalline sulfur is made up of rings, each containing eight sulfur atoms.
Marriage is the legal union of two people.
Subject complements have two subgroups, predicate adjectives and predicate nouns.
Plants have three and four way branching carying sixteen buds.
Infrared energy is recorded in two ways.
Skin is composed of three layers.
Ozone produces no tastes or odors in the water.
Most infants tend to cry between one to four hours a day.
Most adults experience five or six sleep cycles each night.
Young rabbits mature quickly and are self-sufficient after only four or five weeks.
Stress can contribute to two common mental illnesses.
Drugstore beetles have antenna that end in three enlarged segments.
Workers have no wings and also have several evolution stages.
Most species have two sexes - male and female .
Motor cycle includes all two wheeled motor vehicles.
Organic material means anything made up of four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen.
Concentration is when no afflictions arise from within.
Polymers show creep basically in two different ways.
Water bears have a head and four pairs of legs with claws.
Most male birds have no phallus .
Dens are typically tunnels that extend six to fourteen feet into the earth.
Gravity is the force of attraction between any two objects.
Some cooks work fewer than five days a week.
Programmable thermostats can change the temperature of a home up to four times a day.
Birth defects occur in approximately five percent of all live births.
Kittens start to eat solid foods from about three weeks and are fully weaned at about eight weeks.
Most cats have five ashiyubi on their front ashi .
Eagles are predators that are very dependent on being able to see in three dimensions.
Families tend to be large, with four or more children.
Pythons have four rows of teeth in their upper jaw.
Collages can have two or three layers.
Osteoporosis is a very common disorder affecting seven million people.
Toxoplasmosis is treated primarily with antibacterial and anti-parasitic drugs for about four weeks.
Viruses can survive on such surfaces for up to three hours.
Internet Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months.
Farmland operates in most states, divided into five regions.
Microbiologists classify dermatophytes into three genera.
Most species have five arms coming from a central disk.
Oxyfresh products are cruelty-free, and contain no insecticides or dyes.
Some cockers have coats that are two different colors.
Earthworms are about four to five inches in length.
Caterpillars molt four to five times during their development.
Birds have two eyes.
Regeneration contains three types of fiber to maintain intestinal integrity.
Men die seven years before most women.
White grubs have a brown head capsule and three pair of conspicuous legs.
Most organisms form two different types of gametes.
Numeric addresses are four sets of three- digit numbers separated by periods.
Canes are flexible and arching, reaching eight feet or so in length.
Electric vehicles are zero emission producers.
Volume describes the quantity of three dimensional space than an object occupies.
Communication is the two way exchange of information or ideas.
Lilies have six petals on their flowers.
Most amphibians reach maturity at three or four years.
Full sun is considered to be six hours of direct sunlight.
Warm fronts have an average speed of about ten knots, and can move in a series of jumps.
Disaccharides are sugar molecules composed of two monosaccharide units.
Food generally takes about four hours to make it from the mouth to the end of the small intestine.
Pups stay with their mothers for six months, on average.
Milk chocolate keeps for about a year and white chocolate for seven or eight months.
Some people find that they can use essential oils on their cats with no obvious adverse effects.
Osteoporosis has no symptoms in the early stages.
Scientists classify all living things into five groups.
Japan is a highly urbanised country, with approximately three in every four people living in cities.
Economic historians identify three revolutions in the last three hundred years.
Coral reefs are groupedinto three main types.
Ants are social insects, and most colonies contain three castes - queens, males, and workers.
Most people describe six basic emotions.
Recluse spiders have six eyes arranged in three pairs in a semicircle on the forepart of the head.
Lagomorphs have teeth similar to rodents, with four continuously growing incisors.
True pyramids have a square base with four sloping triangular faces.
Sea cucumbers can live up to eight years.
Rural children face the highest danger of drowning at three times the rate of urban children.
Plants often show no symptoms until they are mature and bearing heavily.
Hyperbolic visualizations have two important properties .
Eels usually spend ten years in freshwater before returning to the sea to spawn.
Prunes lead the top ten fruits with the best oxygen radical absorbance capacity.
Silverfish can live up to four years.
Manatees swim alone, in pairs or in small groups of three to six animals.
Heart disease is five times more prevalent in diabetics.
Compulsory schooling exists for children in the age between six and twelve years.
Steels range in size from eight to fourteen inches.
Gravity is the force that brings two objects together.
Cole County consists of eight subcounties.
Men are three times more likely to be victims of homicide.
Wet hair is three times weaker than dry hair, and very vulnerable.
Japan is home to ten percent of the world's active volcanoes.
Autism is a developmental disability that typically appears druing the first three years of life.
Many reptiles have three sacrals, a few as many as eight or nine.
Eye contact is important for two reasons.
Ozone is a molecule in which three oxygen atoms are joined together.
Life expectancy is about three years, although people can live much longer.
Most people change jobs at least five times during their lives.
Photosynthesis occurs in two phases.
Pups average three feet and thirty pounds at birth.
Insects have three main body parts, six legs and antennae.
Every magnet has two poles.
Chronic sinusitis is a sinus infection that is persistent, lasting for longer than three months.
All dolphins are highly social, but have no manipulators and hence no technology.
Some abused children exhibit no signs of pain.
Brahmanic religion divides life into four stages or ashramas .
Cervical cancer takes about ten years to go from the early stages to full-blown disease.
Frostbite comes in three levels of severity or degrees.
Communities range in size from as many as forty households to as few as three or four.
Urine tests are really limited in that they only look for five to nine substances.
Chitons have a shell composed of eight separate shell plates or valves .
Cartographers make two very important decisions when they create maps.
Spiders produce a silk-like thread from six spinnerets located on the abdomen.
Nymphs develop through five instars over a period of five to six weeks.
Beings have four eyes and wings.
Isometric crystals have three axes of symmetry that are all at right angles to each other.
Amphibians live in two different media, air and water.
Newborns often show no signs of the disease until they are circumcised.
Bone density has a genetic component Three distinct genetic factors contribute to fracture risk.
Atoms gain or lose electrons to get eight electrons in their outer shell .
Shore junipers possess needle-like leaves in whorls of three with white bands on the upper surface.
Some women bleed off and on for up to three weeks and other women never have any bleeding at all.
Prism treats the two lines as one.
Disabled people are nearly three times as likely to be unemployed as anyone else in the jobs market.
Night crawlers can live long lives, with a reported average life span of six to nine years.
Northern krill go through four larval stages after hatching.
Snapdragons come in three different sizes.
Sprouts are ready for eating in three to six days.
Today there are six wives without husbands, and kids without fathers.
Covariance is a measure of the distributions of two variables.
Pacific salmon leave their home stream, swim out to sea and return one to six years later to spawn.
All insects have three pairs of legs and three body regions, head, thorax, and abdomen.
Ozone affects people in two ways.
Most children present a normal profile by six years of age.
Ordinary plants have about ten times as many connections with their environment as animals.
Sexual reproduction involves two individual organisms.
Some ants can lift prey up to seven times as big as they are.
Unmarried women are four to five times more likely to abort than married.
Autotrophs are of two types, chernosynthetic and pholosynlhetic.
Many nations now spend four times as much on debt repayment as on health care.
Underground mining is by open stoping with three levels for extraction, drilling and ventilation.
Crustaceans have two pair of antennae.
Cattle develop symptoms about five years after exposure.
Most healthy babies move about ten times in four hours.
Most spiders have eight eyes, some only six and several have fewer or none.
TriMetal Irons Discover the benefits of three different metals.
Some mothers have two or more let-downs per feeding.
Tics are about three times more common in boys than in girls.
Most ducks acquire breeding plumage in the fall, six or seven months before other birds.
Traffic crashes are the greatest single cause of death for every age from six through twenty-eight.
Moths emerge in about two weeks.
Salsa is played in common time, that is four beats in every bar.
Women have no rights or money unless they have a valid marriage to a man.
Children also require two further amino acids, histidine and arginine.
Banks hold no excess reserves, and the public holds no currency.
Gerbils usually live for three to four years.
Flies are insects with two wings.
Evolution occurs in two ways, mutation and natural selection.
Gestation is seven months after which a single lamb is born.
Oranges signify good health, and the number eight sounds like the word for prosperity.
Biochemical individuality results in a person needing from two to.
Islamic spirituality is active in all four aspects of human experience.
Sea lettuce goes through two reproductive phases.
Cardiologists offer different estimates, ranging anywhere from five to a hundred deaths a year.
Space consists of three dimensions, each of which is equally important and occupies all space.
Workers have two sets of chromosomes.
Glands have lobules - but liver lobules defined in three different ways.
Every odd number is the sum of three primes.
Vegetables require at least six hours of direct sun each day.
Baboons can travel up to six miles a day.
Christians believe in one god in three persons.
Sexual maturity is between three and six years of age.
Most vertebrates belong in the first three groups.
Mammals are divided into three families, based on how their young develop.
Most young children have only a mild flu-like illness without jaundice, or no symptoms at all.
Cysts are oval, have four nuclei, and have clearly visible axostyles .
Most species have a dozen to two dozen offspring.
Bocce is played with eight large balls and one smaller target ball called the pallino or jack.
Head lice can survive on the scalp for about three weeks.
Gold is only pure when there are no alloys present.
Mice come with one, two or three pushbuttons.
Neural tube develops into the spinal cord and brain in the first four weeks of pregnancy.
All human activity is carried on by means of the mind aided by the ten senses.
Katydids spend three to four months as nymphs.
Some taxonomists classify only two species though.
Birds have one beak, two wings, and two feet.
Tribal peoples teach that there are four parts to any ceremony, each equally important.
Whiteflies have a six stage life cycle.
Many gardeners fertilize every three or four weeks to keep container plants looking good.
Panther chameleons reach sexual maturity at a minimum age of seven months.
Most countries start at eight years old.
Dholes are known to occur in four sites in northern and central Malaysia.
Depression can affect as many as one in five people of all ages.
Abortion is legal through all nine months of pregnancy.
Maternity leave is unbroken leave and includes a period of six weeks following confinement.
Otters are long and slim animals with four short legs that can be longer than a meter.
Parasitism is the association of two such organisms.
Tracking involves using the five senses plus common sense to follow a trail through the jungle.
Most people urinate four to eight times per twenty four-hour period.
Most bracelets use four colors.
Food additives fall into two categories.
Permanent dentition is in place after four years of age.
Walruses are distinctive for their two long tusks.
Many people prefer to use no condoms at all.
Cultures grow up in two to four weeks.
Gusts can reach speeds up to seven hundred kilometers per hour.
Hornets construct a gray or brown paper nest five to ten feet above the ground.
Dopamine alone has five known brain receptors.
Anarchist organisations are now to be found on all five continents.
Monotremes are the egg-laying mammals, and there are just three species.
Cattle only have one stomach but with four compartments to help digest grasses and grains.
Females give birth to one, occasionally two, large babies, after a pregnancy of six to seven months.
Insects have three pairs of legs and three body segments.
Steroids come in two forms, either injectable or oral.
Microwave ovens are three times more energy efficient than electric ovens.
Drug abusers are five times more likely to file a workers' compensation claim.
Ringtails have furry feet with hairless pads, and each has five toes, with semi-retractable claws.
B cells can produce seven different types of antibody, each with a distinct function.
Most scientists consider swamp s, marsh es, and bog s to be the three major kinds of wetlands.
Most babies move into a normal, head-down position a by three weeks before birth.
Pharmacists work alongside pharma assistants, an apprenticeship that takes three years to complete.
Knee ligaments Four ligaments support and guide the knee.
Animals are classified into four different categories by their eating habit.
Globalisation is a complex phenomenon marked by two opposing forces.
Calanoid copepods are only three millimeters long and eat phytoplankton, or plant plankton.
Starlings are about five inches tall.
Parthenogenesis occurs in two fashions.
Fibber content increases three to four times that of whole wheat bread.
Beavers build dams for two good reasons, food and protection.
Free trade exists only where there are no barriers to voluntary exchange.
Men are four times more likely to get bladder cancer than women.
Meerkats are gregarious and have at least ten distinctive vocalizations.
New fears begin around three years of age when children become aware of death.
Duck feathers have two basic adaptions.
Mixtures are made of two or more substances mixed together.
Banks hold no excess reserves and the public holds no currency.
Perennials live more than two years.
Fire point is the lowest temperature at which burning is sustained for five seconds.
Slime is made by reacting just two compounds or ingredients.
Glasses can be helpful in children as young as six months of age.
Most lions drink water daily if available, but can go four or five days without it.
Cesarean section are three to four times more likely for pregnant women with diabetes.
Spirals have no ears to interfere.
Conflict diamonds account for less than four per cent of world trade in rough diamonds.
Triglycerides contain three fatty acid molecules and one glycerol molecule.
Most curable tumors require at least six to eight cycle of therapy.
Harpoons are of three kinds.
Most ichthyologists currently consider the char to be two species.
Endospores exhibit no signs of life, being described as cryptobiotic.
Bilaterian animals differ from the Cnidaria in three fundamental ways.
Pups stay in the den for about six weeks and then begin traveling short distances with adults.
Grasshoppers have a three part body and a hard shell exoskeleton of chitin.
Most flowers have five or fewer petals.
Leafy spurge is a weed that meets all three criteria.
Milk chocolate contains milk in addition to the four ingredients above.
Sexual maturity is reached at three years of age, and most fish die by age six.
Psoriasis means that the skin changes seven times faster than normal.
Some snakes can go as long as six months without a good meal.
Most tanagers live in pairs or in small groups of three to five individuals.
VEAL is the meat obtained from a young calf killed when six to eight weeks old.
Hominids are primates with no tails , robust bodies and well-developed forearms .
Educators can make the largest impact on children between the ages of three and four.
Softwoods fall within four families of the order Coniferales, the conifers.
Most body segments have two pairs of legs.
All magnets have two poles.
Crocuses typically have three stamens .
Powder coat is recyclable and contains no hazardous air pollutants.
Moon rocks are typically three billion years old or older.
Most people require seven or eight hours of sleep a day to function well.
Eland milk has almost three times the fat and double the protein of milk from dairy cows.
Nitrites are the more dangerous of the two compounds.
Conventional medicine has three major approaches to immune dysfunction.
Federal law limits most adults to five years of benefits in a lifetime.
Monarchs are food for two species of birds.
Ticks die before attachment and repels further for up to three months.
Dosage compensation equalizes X chromosome expression in the two sexes.
Adult clothing is worth about ten percent of retail and children's clothing a little more.
Corollas consist of five petals which are also fused.
Babies develop antibodies to other blood types at around six months old.
Embrasures have three functions.
Otters can stay underwater for more than three minutes while they hunt for their prey.
Primary colors are the three colors that make up all other colors.
Tandems are bicycles built for two people.
Oceanic plates occupy two thirds of Earth's surface.
Smoke detectors have a life of approximately ten years.
Influenza epidemics are four times more likely during solar maxima.
Analgesics come in two major varieties.
Carbon can bond to a maximum of four atoms.
American men live seven years less than women, on the average.
Children move developmentally through five stages as they begin to write.
Psychologists focus on four sets of assumptions.
Most modern democracies have two or three political parties.
Vine maple is a native, deciduous shrub or small tree that ranges between ten to twenty feet.
Babies are born with up to three litter mates and are suckled for six weeks.
Zoysias fall under three species categories with varieties developed from each.
Coursers have three toes, longer bills, short, broad wings and tails, and long legs.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
Titanium alloys fall into three classes, depending on the structures present.
Weight is proportionate to body volume, measured in three dimensions.
Marshall Township is the middle of three townships that form the northern tier in the county.
All butterflies go through four distinct stages in their lives.
Bullets also require up to six times more energy to exit the skin than to enter it.
Orangutans are similar, with no observations in the wild of eating meat.
Aride island has ten species of breeding seabirds and the world's largest colony of lesser noddies.
Rice is also quite common, with some people eating it three times a week.
Theophylline is given by mouth three times a day.
Spacecraft starting from the surface of Earth has a zero initial speed.
Most atoms have two or more such shells.
Most orthoptists work eight hours a day, four or five days a week.
Fleas currently show no signs of resistance to modern adulticides.
Some dedicated vegetarians have to spend three quarters of their waking hours foraging.
Galaxies exist in two basic forms, with variations.
Climbers are the most frequent cause of injury for children six and older.
Arthritis is reported in about three fourths of cases.
Deer antlers can grow up to two centimetres a day.
Most roses grown commercially today are descendants of eight European and Asian varieties.
Older adults are five times more likely than younger adults to report problems with constipation.
Multicellular organisms are made up of two or more cells.
Chile has four seasons, but at the opposite months of North America.
Obesity is, in general, the result of personal choices and poses zero risk of communication.
Embryos have four epibranchials.
Joint inflammation occurs in four stages.
Secure mail consists of two parts, digital signatures and encryption.
Cockleburs produce two kinds of flowers.
Autism occurs in about four to five of every ten thousand births.
Kittens are dependent on their mother for five to six months.
Most Daphnes are three or four feet high, or so.
Ozone adds no contaminants or by-products to water.
Most people have two legs.
Agricultural land comprises two groupings pasture and cropland.
Baseball is a team game played by nine individuals.
Mountain tapirs are the smallest of the four species of tapir.
Water softeners add sodium to drinking water in two ways.
Most babies grow out of it after about six to ten weeks.
Instability is the void between the two worlds.
Trash containers come in three sizes.
Logics fall into three groups, free logics, foundation systems, and intermediate systems.
Fevers can be high and persist up to two weeks.
Blankets can take up to three days to dry in the colder months.
Heavy rain falls at a rate greater than four millimetres per hour.
Most women experience side effects from birth control pills during the first three months of use.
Most species have five arms, but there are sea stars with ten, twenty or even forty arms.
Pesticides work in two ways to reduce bee populations.
Dietary fiber consists of two types-soluble and insoluble.
Stone flies have four wings, which are heavily veined.
Climate varies by latitude due to two reasons.
Invidual variables consist of one lowercase letter, followed by zero or more letters or digits.
Boys are about three times more likely to stutter than girls.
Robins have two broods a year.
Most modern cars have disc brakes on the front wheels, and some have disc brakes on all four wheels.
All dogs have puppy characteristics for two years.
Triadic combinations involve three colors.
Care is as important as cure Every year, globally, about nine million people find they have cancer.
Marriage occurs when all three phases are in effect.
Some people say there are eight types, as domed mountains can be a plutonic dome or a tectonic dome.
Tangrams come in sets containing five triangles, one parallelogram and one square.
High doses can cause coma, but there are no records of fatal overdose.
Acute sinusitis can last four weeks or more.
Bobcats are predators with four large canine fangs that pierce deep to hold prey.
Individual relationships join together two or more individual entities.
Geckos lay clutches of two eggs throughout the year.
Honeybees have six eyes.
Photosynthesis is two processes, each with multiple steps.
Mumps is contagious from six days before until nine days after the glands start swelling.
Absolute value tells how far from zero a number is.
Most mothers leave hospital four or five days after a Caesarean birth.
Trichomoniasis is the least common of the three vaginal infections.
Men are four and one-half times more likely than women to commit suicide.
Female dugongs give birth every three to seven years.
Many cameras use four AA batteries.
Sexual maturity is reached at an age of three years.
Men still die seven years earlier than women, and make one-quarter as many doctor visits.
Moles have two types of tunnels.
Horseshoes have two basic configurations, open-heeled shoes and bar shoes.
Plants have at least five sHSP gene families which comprise a large multigene family.
Cocoa butter is composed of three fatty acids, oleic, stearic and palmitic acids.
Most insects have three thoracic ganglia, each with connectives to muscles and sensilla.
Day schools teach children and youth from ages five through eighteen.
Some flows involve a mixture of two physical phases.
Philosophy has no axioms since it is simply what reason knows by means of concepts.
Elephants give birth to one calf every four to nine years on average.
Hybrids are combinations of two other tomatoes.
Seedlings normally can take up to three to five years to produce their first bloom.
Some scales possess three or four ISOs.
Long Island has a mild, four season climate.
Weather There are four seasons which offer a variety of climate depending on the time of year.
Dry time stretches for six months, and many water sources dry up.
Takins can even balance on their hind hooves to nibble on vegetation eight feet above ground.
Females can produce several broods per year and the average lifespan is three years.
Squirrels are fast and can jump sideways about six feet.
Oral cancers are a huge problem in cats over ten years of age.
Baptism represents three events in the life of the true believer.
Calves stay close to their mothers for two years.
Normal bone has two layers.
Most wind turbines use generators with four or six poles.
Skin is comprised of two layers, the epidermis and dermis.
Suicides are three times as common among males than among females.
Most children are under five years old.
Pandas reach adulthood at about five years of age.
Some individuals remain with their parents for as long as six months after fledging.
Wolves can hear as far as six miles away in the forest and ten miles in the open.
Chronic insomnia refers to sleep difficulty at least three nights per week for one month or more.
Roses require at least six hours of direct sunlight.
Most children can ride a tricycle using the pedals after three years of age.
Primates can move on two legs or four.
Chimpanzees have a genetic makeup that is four times as diverse as that of humans.
Buses are five times as fuel efficient as cars.
Some women have no symptoms of oestrogen deficiency.
Calves are completely nutritionally dependent on their mothers to three months old.
Faith is the first of the three theological virtues.
Love is something so complex that no words can define it.
Roots have two growth phases, namely primary and secondary growth.
T is the point of contact of the two circles.
Background color can be a transition of two colors.
Servals eat between one and three pounds of meat a day.
Servals can purr and have a high pitched cry usually repeated seven or eight times in succession.
Most spiders live either one to two seasons.
Harrows come in two main types, spring-tooth and disc.
Prostatitis encompasses all three disorders .
Dugongs grow up to ten feet long.
Hops are the spice of beer, and are added to the boiling wort during the last five minutes of boil.
Product safety encompasses the three fields of chemical legislation, toxicology and ecology.
Soldiers mature within a year and live an average of five years.
Children of alcoholics have a four times greater risk of becoming alcoholics themselves.
Additives work in two different ways.
Musicians range in age from nine to nineteen years old.
Anne cloth comes in about five different colors.
International groups promote safe sex and zero population growth.
Unneutered dogs are three times more likely to bite than neutered dogs.
Beta decay Give the names of the three types of beta decay.
Grapes have two primary acids tartic and malic.
All ciliates have two kinds of nuclei.
Nymphs are less than two millimeters in size.
Atomic clocks measure time to an accuracy of ten billionths of a second per day.
Blood clotting is a process that requires the following three steps to be successful.
Iambic pentameter is a form of poetry with five pairs of syllables in each line.
Calves grow very quickly and at six months are fairly independent of their mothers.
Tobacco companies account for four of the five biggest billboard advertisers in the country.
Telomeres are composed of a repeated six base sequence that are lost during cell division.
Warblers occur in wooded areas along all three trail systems.
Origami is unique among papercrafts in that it requires no materials other than the paper itself.
Many magnetometers are three axis.
Every paraxial system has two principal planes.
Psoriasis knows no boundaries - it attacks from birth to old age.
Marine mammals acquire water from three sources.
Some physicians use a diagram of a hand and wrist, which is usually divided into six regions.
Elephants have only four molars in use at a time.
Cheese has two influences on the human body.
Violence prevention is a rapidly developing field that has made great strides in the past ten years.
Statistics show that in India, infant mortality is ten percent higher for girls than it is for boys.
Scientists divide bats into two groups.
Amazonian manatees are the smallest of the three species.
Intramolecular transposition yields two types of products.
Some birds feed almost exclusively four feet or more above ground level on elevated feeders.
Habitat destruction is a concern for all four gorilla subspecies.
Everyday language is a part of the human organism and is no less complicated than it.
Horses can only last for three days without water.
Cutworms have one to four generations per year depending upon the species.
Moles eat three times their weight every day.
African elephants weigh up to seven tons which is heavier than most vehicles.
Mature plants produce two annual harvests in low fertility soil.
Euglenids have one or more often two flagella.
Blood Parrots are a hybrid of two Cichlids species.
Tadpoles metamorphose in about three months.
Vomiting is present in up to two thirds of patients.
Rattlesnakes reach sexually maturity at about three years of age.
Women are nine times more likely to suffer from the disease as men.
Active acne is the presence of more that ten acne lesions at any given time.
Depression is caused by conflict among the three divisions of the mind.
Ice causes two types of injury to branches and trunks.
Apical meristems give rise to three primary meristems.
Peachicks stay Juvenile until they'r three years old and can mate.
Pineapple plants have two different kinds of roots.
Most men have two testes.
Most national flags use one or more of only seven basic colors.
Sticklebacks make up five genera, most of which have just one species.
Vegans are the strictest of all, eating no foods of animal origin whatsoever.
Spiders have eight legs and two main body parts.
Lao families average seven persons to a household.
Relative fitness is zero for a sterile organism, even if it is robust and long-lived.
Antibodies are like heat-seeking missiles that zero in on a particular virus and kill it.
Every nuclear reactor produces enough plutonium to make a bomb, about every ten days.
Healthy children get at least six colds a year.
Wheat has two distinct growing seasons.
Dainty violas grow to four inches tall.
Bats require two different roost types, day and night.
Female mealybugs have only three nymphal stages.
Most babies double their birthweight by four to five months.
Any elliptical orbit has two apsides.
Ring modulation is the multiplication of two signals.
Depth perception is the visual ability to perceive the world in three dimensions.
Country dancing is danced in sets, usually of four couples.
Troxel helmets have two padding systems.
Juvenile eagles then leave the nesting area within two months.
Ozone is a gas that is formed in the atmosphere when three atoms of oxygen combine.
Aromatherapy works two ways, by inhaling it and absorbing it.
Vietnamese women are more than five times as likely to suffer cervical cancer.
Gas occupies some volume in three dimensional space.
Elastic cartilage is found in only two locations.
Scientists say there have been three ice ages in the past.
Kittens start hunting with their mother around five months of age.
Health is the harmonious balance of three important forces acting in the body.
Braille is based on different combinations of six dots.
Yoga says that there are four major tendencies which bear upon personality and behavior.
Black people are three times less likely to be employed than whites with similar qualifications.
Pups average three feet in size and weighing thirty pounds at birth.