Violators can be fined up to $10,000 and/or imprisoned for up to five years.
According to a 2014 report by the Census Bureau, one in five young adults lives in poverty, up from one in seven in 1980.
The six largest metropolitan areas in the USA are New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, and Washington, D.C., with New York City being the largest.
The three main greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide.
Over the past two centuries, tropical cyclones have been responsible for the deaths of about 1.9 million people worldwide.
A person convicted of riot is liable to imprisonment for any term not exceeding ten years, or to a fine, or to both.
According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, 67.8% of released prisoners in the United States are rearrested within three years and 76.6% are rearrested within five years.
There are four major categories of child abuse: neglect, physical abuse, psychological or emotional abuse, and sexual abuse.
The country is encircled by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean to the south.
According to the National Institutes of Health, there are four types of exercise: endurance, strength, flexibility, and balance.
There are three main components of the human auditory system: the outer ear, the middle ear, and the inner ear.
The ten countries with the highest rates of child marriage are: Niger, Chad, Central African Republic, Bangladesh, Guinea, Mozambique, Mali, Burkina Faso, South Sudan, and Malawi.
Modern warships are generally divided into seven main categories: aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, frigates, corvettes, submarines and amphibious assault ships.
In the Philippines, condominiums are classified into three types: low-rise, mid-rise, and high-rise.
Those who have a parent or grandparent born in the United Kingdom, or who have lived in the United Kingdom for five years, are not subject to this restriction.
On April 23, 2017, the Maple Leafs were eliminated from the playoffs by the top-seeded Washington Capitals four games to two in the best-of-seven series.
He was born in southern Italy but moved to America when he was four years old.
Plants are made up of four main elements: hydrogen, oxygen, carbon, and nitrogen.
In some families, a woman may have children with more than one man or a man may have children with more than one woman.
There are two schools of thought on the issue.
Paris, Lyon and Marseille are the biggest, the other nine being Toulouse, Lille, Bordeaux, Nice, Nantes, Strasbourg, Rennes, Grenoble and Montpellier.
Typically, the melting of rocks is caused by one or more of three processes: an increase in temperature, a decrease in pressure, or a change in composition.
A person convicted of the offense of burglary, for the first such offense, shall be punished by imprisonment for not less than one nor more than 20 years.
As of 2013, 83.8% of American households owned at least one computer, and 73.3% had high-speed Internet service.
Reposado" tequila is aged for up to one year, "Añejo" tequila is aged for up to three years, and "Extra Añejo" tequila is aged for at least three years.
Although superficially similar to each other, there are several important differences between the two species.
Based on 2005 data, New York City has the lowest crime rate among the ten largest cities in the United States.
All of the remaining radioactive isotopes have half-lives of less than an hour, and the majority of these have half-lives of less than three minutes.
The five main islands, from north to south, are Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu and Okinawa.
In the US, men are over twice as likely to use marijuana as women, and 18–29-year-olds are six times more likely to use as over-65-year-olds.
Modern navy combat ships are generally divided into seven main categories: aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, frigates, corvettes, submarines, and amphibious assault ships.
The first player to win two sets in a best-of-three, or three sets in a best-of-five, wins the match.
There are four bases on the infield: First base, second base, third base, and home plate.
There are five main gyres in the world's oceans: two in the Pacific, two in the Atlantic and one in the Indian Ocean.
Suicide is among the three leading causes of death among those aged 15–44 years in some countries, and the second leading cause of death in the 10–24 years age group.
Before World War II, cruisers were mainly divided into three types: heavy cruisers, light cruisers and auxiliary cruisers.
Tobacco is responsible for about one in five cancer deaths worldwide and about one in three in the developed world.
In the US, six states—California, Florida, Louisiana, New Jersey, New York, and Texas—require seat belts on school buses.
In this case, a woman has children with two men who are father and son, or a man has children with two women who are mother and daughter.
Turkey is divided into seven geographical regions: Marmara, Aegean, Black Sea, Central Anatolia, Eastern Anatolia, Southeastern Anatolia and the Mediterranean.
For example, in a game of basketball, two teams compete against one another to determine who can score the most points.
Twenty-nine percent of men under the age of twenty-five said pink was their least favorite color, compared with eight percent of men over fifty.
In the United States, within 100 years, four presidents—Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, William McKinley and John F. Kennedy—died at the hands of assassins.
Ultraviolet radiation causes sunburns and increases the risk of three types of skin cancer: melanoma, basal-cell carcinoma and squamous-cell carcinoma.
The game can be played by up to six people and is very easy to learn.
Women are typically divided into three groups: soprano, mezzo-soprano, and contralto.
The ten countries with the highest rates of child marriage are: Niger , Chad, Central African Republic, Bangladesh, Guinea, Mozambique, Mali, Burkina Faso, South Sudan, and Malawi.
Prior to the advent of the PGA Championship and The Masters, the four Majors were the U.S. Open, the U.S. Amateur, the Open Championship, and the British Amateur.
By 1860, the total number of slaves reached almost four million, and the American Civil War, beginning in 1861, led to the end of slavery in the United States.
As in all insects, the body is divided into three sections: the head, thorax, and abdomen.
Proteins, carbohydrates and fats are the three major macronutrients that the human body needs in order to build muscle.
In 2014, there were more than seven billion mobile phone subscribers worldwide, a number that is expected to keep growing.
There are three different types of dehulling systems that can be used to process soybeans: Hot dehulling, warm dehulling and cold dehulling.
There are two types of photoreceptors: rods and cones.
Modern Asian immigration began in the late 19th century, and at one point in the early 20th century the Chinese were the second largest immigrant group.
Young adults in the U.S. frequently use social networking sites as a way to connect and communicate with one another, as well as to satisfy their curiosity.
In other words, one serving contains 39% of the daily value for fat, 34% of the daily value for sodium, and 27% of the daily value for calcium.
Earth is the densest planet in the Solar System and the largest and most massive of the four rocky planets.
The top five European leagues are the Premier League , La Liga , Bundesliga , Serie A , and Ligue 1 .
Infant mortality is the death of a child less than one year of age.
Scientists divide the infrared range into three types on the basis of wavelength:Infrared-A: 700 nm to 1,400 nmInfrared-B: 1,400 nm to 3,000 nmInfrared-C: 3,000 nm to 1 mm.
The Electric Daisy Carnival in Las Vegas drew more than 300,000 fans over three days in the summer of 2012, making it the largest EDM music festival in North America.
However, when automobiles, trucks, and buses came into widespread use during the first two decades of the 20th century, head-on collisions became more common.
Each set consists of 16 pieces: one king, one queen, two rooks, two bishops, two knights, and eight pawns.
There are two main categories of metals: ferrous and non-ferrous.
HC/D 1.2 is further divided into three subdivisions, HC/D 1.2.1, 1.2.2 and 1.2.3, to account for the magnitude of the effects of an explosion.
When a loved one dies, it is not unusual for the bereaved to report that they have "seen" or "heard" the person they have lost.
There are three main sectors of economic activity: primary, secondary, and tertiary.
When a rider falls with a helmet, he or she is five times less likely to experience a traumatic brain injury than a rider who falls without a helmet.
In Game 1 of the World Series in 2012, Pablo Sandoval of the San Francisco Giants hit three home runs on his first three at-bats of the Series.
They appear to have used six colors: white, black, blue, red, yellow, and green.
The Maple Leafs have developed rivalries with four NHL franchises: the Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, the Montreal Canadiens, and the Ottawa Senators.
In bipedal tetrapods, the two lower limbs are referred to as the "legs" and the two upper limbs as "arms" or "wings" as the case may be.
Cooked pasta is stored in the refrigerator for a maximum of five days in an airtight container.
Between one and three percent of people in the developed world have used cocaine at some point in their life.
An estimated 7,000 to 8,000 people are bitten by venomous snakes in the United States each year, with about five deaths.
In the Christian doctrine of the Trinity, God, coexisting in three "persons", is called the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
The FBI's Uniform Crime Reports estimates that there were 3,246 violent and property crimes per 100,000 residents in 2012, for a total of more than nine million total crimes.
As of August 2013, the 3DS was the best selling console in the United States for four consecutive months.
As of 2015, seatbelts are a requirement in at least five states: California, Florida, New Jersey, New York, and Texas
In absolute numbers, the United States, Brazil, and the People's Republic of China are the world's three largest consumers of beef
According to ancient Greek philosophers such as Aristotle, the universe is made up of five classical elements: water, earth, air, fire, and ether.
Until recently, gorillas were considered to be a single species, with three subspecies: the western lowland gorilla, the eastern lowland gorilla and the mountain gorilla.
According to the UN, around five million people in the U.S. live in "third world" conditions.
The Leafs did not qualify for the post-season, marking the first time since 1928 the team had failed to make the playoffs for three consecutive seasons.
Like all insects, beetles' bodies are divided into three sections: the head, the thorax, and the abdomen.
Hurricane Katrina was the deadliest hurricane in the US in seven decades with more than 1,600 confirmed deaths and more than 1,000 people missing.
The strike instead killed five civilians, including two children, two teenagers and a 29-year-old Fatah activist accused of being a member of the al-Aqsa Brigades.
Twenty-nine percent of game players are over the age of 50, an increase from nine percent in 1999.
There are three subspecies of Sumatran rhinoceros: the Sumatran rhinoceros proper , the Bornean rhinoceros and the possibly extinct Northern Sumatran rhinoceros .
As a result, it is possible for one element to be substituted for another.
They consist of five elements: air, water, fire, earth and space.
These five sexes include male, female, hermaphrodite, female pseudohermaphrodites , and male pseudohermaphrodites .
Each team must keep four players in its defensive zone and three players in its offensive zone at all times.
If there's one thing I hate, it's the movies.
Iodine deficiency affects about two billion people around the world and is the leading preventable cause of mental retardation.
The standard guitar has six strings, but four-, seven-, eight-, nine-, ten-, eleven-, twelve-, thirteen- and eighteen-string guitars are also available.
Nine players and three coaches and administrators on the team have been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
There are one hundred and seven automobile museums in the United States, one in Canada, and one in the Republic of Georgia according to the National Association of Automobile Museums.
Manhattan has the third-largest population of New York City's five boroughs, after Brooklyn and Queens, and is the smallest borough in terms of land area.
When there are two teachers in a classroom, one is the lead teacher and the other one is the associate.
The four major broadcasters in the U.S. are the National Broadcasting Company , Columbia Broadcasting System , American Broadcasting Company , and Fox Broadcasting Company .
When you make a jump, you have to do it at least three times to be sure you can actually do it.
Baby boomers that remain unmarried are five times more likely to live in poverty compared to those who are married.
Japan has won the Academy Award for the Best Foreign Language Film four times, more than any other Asian country.
The game was a critical success and sold over eight million copies worldwide, making it the second best-selling game in the SNES library.
During the first three quarters of 2010, the United States had a $46.0 billion trade deficit with Mexico.
This MacBook Air model features two USB Type-A 3.0 ports and a Thunderbolt 2 port, as well as an SDXC card slot .
In modern times, the five countries with the largest wine-producing regions are in Italy, Spain, France, the United States, and China.
Obesity now affects one in five children in the United States, and is the most prevalent nutritional disease of children and adolescents in the United States.
By this time, only four empires stretched between the Pacific and the Atlantic: the Han Empire of China, the Kushan Empire, the Parthian Empire of Persia, and the Roman Empire.
The term "wheelbarrow" is made of two words: "wheel" and "barrow."
Pittsburgh still remains the only team to win back-to-back Super Bowls twice and four Super Bowls in a six-year period.
The rate of suicide among their spouses is three times greater than that of the general population.
These are arranged in three layers: A middle layer of ten speakers, an upper layer of nine speakers, and a lower layer of three speakers and two sub-woofers.
During the early 19th century, most working class people in Britain had to work six days a week, often for over twelve hours a day.
The skull is composed of two parts: the cranium and the mandible.
Others metropolises in Brazil with more than one million inhabitants include: Belém, Belo Horizonte, Brasília, Campinas, Curitiba, Fortaleza, Goiânia, Maceió, Manaus, Porto Alegre, Recife, Salvador and São Luís.
The company's two major subsidiaries, Nintendo of America and Nintendo of Europe, manage operations in North America and Europe respectively.
The console is estimated to be four times as powerful as Xbox One X, with support for 8K resolution, real-time ray-tracing, and 120 frames-per-second rendering.
The FIFA Women's World Cup was inaugurated in 1991 and has been held every four years since, while women's football has been an Olympic event since 1996.
Over the last three decades of the 19th century, demand for milk in most parts of the country doubled, or in some cases, tripled.
The average sleep requirement is between seven and nine hours per day for an adult and nine to ten hours per day for a child
It is estimated that China's urban population will reach one billion by 2030, potentially equivalent to one-eighth of the world population.
While one in five Europeans is 60 years of age or older, only one in twenty Africans is 60 years of age or older.
There are a few important points to bear in mind when one wants to make a comparison.
Born in southern Italy in 1882, Torrio immigrated to the United States with his mother after his father's death, which happened when he was three years old.
The team made it to the conference finals again, only to be eliminated by the Vancouver Canucks in five games.
The human ear consists of three parts—the outer ear, middle ear and inner ear.
MIT biologists have been awarded six Nobel Prizes for their contributions to genetics, immunology, oncology, and molecular biology.
In the UK, only six cases were reported between 1976 and 2006, yet the U.S. has much higher rates: 1.9 per 100,000 live births, 47.2% of which are in California.
Low-moisture mozzarella can be kept refrigerated for up to a month, though some shredded low-moisture mozzarella is sold with a shelf life of up to six months.
Three of the stable isotopes are found in three of the four major decay chains: lead-206, lead-207, and lead-208 are the final decay products of uranium-238, uranium-235, and thorium-232, respectively.
There are two kinds of equilibrium: static equilibrium and dynamic equilibrium.
Local TV stations in the United States normally broadcast local news three to four times a day on average: commonly airing at 4:30, 5:00, 5:30, or 6:00 a.m.
In one experiment, subjects were asked to write down their dreams in a diary.
The USDA Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends consuming five to nine servings of fruit and vegetables daily.
The American force consisted of two heavy cruisers, one light cruiser, two anti-aircraft cruisers, and eight destroyers.
The phrase "lock, stock, and barrel" refers to the three main parts of a musket.
In mammals, the ear is usually described as having three parts—the outer ear, the middle ear and the inner ear.
The law creates two broad categories of employees, those who are "exempt" from the regulation andthose who are "non-exempt".
Most cats have five claws on their front paws, and four on their rear paws.
Each player begins with 16 pieces: one king, one queen, two rooks, two knights, two bishops, and eight pawns.
In the United States, there are three types of mail carriers: City Letter Carriers, who are represented by the National Association of Letter Carriers
It is most common in children between the ages of seven and twelve.
During the three hundred years of the colonial era, Mexico received between 400,000 and 500,000 Europeans, between 200,000 and 250,000 African slaves.
In the 1999 playoffs, the team advanced to the Conference Finals, but lost in five games to the Buffalo Sabres.
The four largest motorcycle markets in the world are all in Asia: China, India, Indonesia, and Vietnam.
Walking is done by moving the legs on one side of the body at the same time, then doing the same on the other side.
It consists of three steps: pose a question, collect data to answer the question, and present an answer to the question.
Normally, the defensive team will play with four outfielders, meaning there is a left fielder, left-center fielder, right-center fielder, and right fielder.
When a man is married to more than one wife at a time, the relationship is called polygyny
There are three main types of management doctorates: the Doctor of Management , the Doctor of Business Administration , and the Ph.D. in Business Administration or Management.
It consists of two olfactory lobes, two cerebral hemispheres, a pineal body, two optic lobes, a cerebellum and a medulla oblongata.
Cuddling is a related form of physical intimacy in which two people hold one another with each other's arms wrapped around the other's body for an extended period of time.
The human shoulder is made up of three bones: the clavicle , the scapula , and the humerus as well as associated muscles, ligaments and tendons.
There are also eight Legoland Discovery Centres, two in Germany, four in the United States, one in Japan and one in the United Kingdom.
Clay-based pottery can be divided into three main groups: earthenware, stoneware and porcelain.
This trend continued during the first two decades of the 20th century, and even in the 1920 census there was a loss of about 2 million inhabitants.
Females become sexually mature when they are four years old, while males become mature at four or five years.
Animals, specifically humans, have five different types of tastes: sweet, sour, salty, bitter, and umami.
The flute family can be divided into two sub-families: open flutes and closed flutes.
Alcoholism reduces a person's life expectancy by around ten years and alcohol use is the third leading cause of early death in the United States.
The four Grand Slam tournaments are considered to be the most prestigious tennis events in the world.
There are three main methods: the direct method, the indirect method and the double indirect method.
Chromosomes are passed on from one generation to the next in this process.
In the beginning of the 19th century, it was thought that people were not able to attend to more than one stimulus at a time.
There are three infield positions that can only effectively be occupied by right-handed players: 2nd base, 3rd base, and shortstop.
One study found that a laptop is three times more likely to break during the first year of use than a desktop.
The first African-American superhero, the Falcon, followed in 1969, and three years later, Luke Cage, a self-styled "hero-for-hire", became the first black superhero to star in his own series.
Traditionally, this surgery was performed at around six to nine months of age, but it is increasingly being performed before puberty, at about three to six months.
A predicate that can only take a single argument is called intransitive, while a predicate that can take two arguments is called transitive.
This occurs, for example, if the two objects are in the process of colliding with one another.
By this time, Walmart was operating in five states: Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, and Oklahoma
It takes six years for a student to graduate from elementary school and six years for high school.
Pedestrians must often cross from one side of a road to the other, and in doing so may come into the way of vehicles traveling on the road.
For example, diamond and graphite are two crystalline forms of carbon, while amorphous carbon is a noncrystalline form.
From this, a simple computation shows that the first ten terms of this sequence are 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, and 34.
Drinking four or more cups of coffee per day does not affect the risk of hypertension compared to drinking little or no coffee
In the Women's World Championships the United States is the most dominant team, having won three of the past four Olympic tournaments and the past seven World Championships.
The cochlea consists of three fluid-filled spaces: the vestibular duct, the cochlear duct, and the tympanic duct.
On stereo recordings, one speaker will play the music with the vocal track, and the other speaker will play the music without the vocal track.
There are two living Rhinocerotini species, the Indian rhinoceros and the Javan rhinoceros, which diverged from one another about 10 million years ago.
As of July 2017, in order of popularity, the four most popular social networking services are Facebook, Facebook Messenger, Instagram, and Snapchat.
This figure is two and a half times higher than that of platinum, eight times more than mercury, and seventeen times more than gold.
Instead, one foot is placed in front of the other.
The thorax is made up of three segments: the prothorax, mesothorax and the metathorax.
For example, in a C chord, there are three notes: C, E, and G. The note C is the root.
The upper surface of the cephalothorax is covered by a single, convex carapace, while the underside is covered by two rather flat plates.
Twenty-seven people have run a marathon on each of the seven continents, and 31 people have run a marathon in each of the Canadian provinces.
In 2001, marriages between people of different faiths were three times more likely to be divorced than those of the same faith.
The Romani population in the United States is estimated at more than one million.
Released in 2004, four years after the launch of the original PlayStation 2, the PlayStation 2 Slimline was the first major redesign of the PlayStation 2.
African Americans are up to four times more likely to have an amputation than European Americans.
Three of the ten most costly wars, in terms of loss of life, have been waged in the last century.
In such cases, the maximum punishment is two years' imprisonment.
In Game 3 of the World Series in 2011, Albert Pujols hit three home runs to tie the record with Babe Ruth and Reggie Jackson.
Rocks are usually grouped into three main groups: igneous rocks, metamorphic rocks and sedimentary rocks.
Canada has three classifications of firearms: non-restricted, restricted, and prohibited.
In order of increasing distance from the Sun, they are the four terrestrials, Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars, then the four giant planets, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
The second object, the one to which the first object refers, is called the referent of the first object.
The iPhone 6 and 6S were available in three sizes at launch: 16, 64, and 128 GB.
There are five known species of kiwi, as well as a number of subspecies.
The definition of a low-rise vs. a high-rise building is a matter of debate, but generally three storeys or less is considered low-rise.
The United States has a birth rate of 13 per 1,000, which is five births below the world average.
There are three regions and associated types of tundra: Arctic tundra, alpine tundra, and Antarctic tundra.
Wine is usually made from one or more varieties of the European species Vitis vinifera, such as Pinot noir, Chardonnay, Cabernet Sauvignon, Gamay and Merlot.
According to the Taiwanese government, for example, "the number of automobiles per ten thousand population is around 2,500, and the number of motorcycles is about 5,000."
The top three countries with the largest numbers of grandmasters are Russia, the United States, and Germany, with 251, 98, and 96, respectively.
The right lung is made up of all four lobes, while the left lung only has two: the cranial and caudal lobes.
If a heart attack occurs, the bulk of the damage is caused during the first six hours, so getting the proper treatment as quickly as possible is important.
Only three universities in the whole of Sweden offer a pharmacy education, Uppsala University, where the Faculty of Pharmacy is located, the University of Gothenburg, and Umeå University.
One definition of "nightmare" is a dream which causes one to wake up in the middle of the sleep cycle and experience a negative emotion, such as fear.
About 97% of the raw mulberry silk comes from six Indian states, namely, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Jammu and Kashmir, Tamil Nadu, Bihar and West Bengal.
Deadlifts can be performed using dumbbells, barbells, or kettlebells with one hand or two hands & with one leg or two legs.
In U.S. law, the distinction between the two is somewhat unclear
On September 11, 2001, two of four hijacked planes were flown into the Twin Towers of the original World Trade Center, and the towers subsequently collapsed.
There are four clinics in the city: Two are run by non-governmental organizations, one by the Palestinian National Authority and one is privately owned.
The process of making prosciutto can take from nine months to two years, depending on the size of the ham.
Alcoholism reduces a person's life expectancy by around ten years and alcohol use is the third-leading cause of early death in the United States.
Japan, for example, recommends the consumption of five to six servings of vegetables daily.
There was a little girl across the aisle from me, maybe nine years old, who was sitting very still in her seat and crying.
This can be achieved only by the monks and nuns who take five great vows: of non-violence, of truth, of non-stealing, of non-possession and of celibacy.
In human sexuality, a threesome is any sexual activity that involves three people at the same time.
In Virginia, under the 1796 act, capital punishment remained mandatory for first-degree murder, but the penalty for second-degree murder was any term between five and eighteen years in the penitentiary.
The Jama Masjid in Delhi and the Badshahi Mosque in Lahore, built in a similar manner in the mid-17th century, remain two of the largest mosques on the Indian subcontinent.
In most Indian states mayors are elected indirectly among the council members themselves except in eight states Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand
In other words, the smell of food is different depending on whether one is smelling it before or after it has entered one's mouth.
Canoes are often made of fiberglass, kevlar, plastic, or a combination of the three for strength and durability.
Since 1992, badminton has been a Summer Olympic sport with four events: men's singles, women's singles, men's doubles, and women's doubles, with mixed doubles added four years later.
In one unusual incident, a Taliban sniper killed two British soldiers with a single shot, hitting the first in the head and the second in the neck.
All green plants contain two forms of chlorophyll, chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b. The latter of these pigments is not found in red or brown algae.
However, in practical terms, French law comprises three principal areas of law: civil law, criminal law, and administrative law.
Every sexually-reproducing living organism who is not a genetic chimera has a maximum of four genetic grandparents, eight genetic great-grandparents, sixteen genetic great-great-grandparents, thirty-two genetic great-great-great-grandparents, etc.
They are grouped into three categories: mesocarnivory , hypercarnivory , and hypocarnivory .
They may work 24 hours a day, seven days per week, but most commonly work five nights/days a week for the first three months of a newborn's life.
Nintendo of America operates two retail stores in the United States: Nintendo New York on Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, which is open to the public
American anthropology is organized into four fields, each of which plays an important role in research on culture: biological anthropology, linguistic anthropology, cultural anthropology, and in the United States, archaeology.
Globally, around 89% of children aged six to twelve are enrolled in primary education, and this proportion is rising.
Globally, it has been estimated that between 21 and 35.8 million people are victims of trafficking for sexual or labor exploitation, around two thirds of them women and girls.
In 1851, the first YMCA in the United States was started, followed seven years later by the first YWCA.
On August 25, 2011 the New York Yankees became the first team to hit three grand slams in one game vs the Oakland A's.
Many colleges and universities also offer certificates and diplomas in business administration or management, which typically require one to two years of full-time study.
Almost all Christians believe in the Trinity, which teaches the unity of Father, Son , and Holy Spirit as three persons in one Godhead.
They live almost exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere, with only one species, the Galápagos penguin, found north of the equator.
There have been five versions of the iPad Mini, all of which have a screen size of 7.9 inches .
As of 2012, ten countries and six U.S. states offer same-sex marriage
According to a national survey that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service conducts every five years, fewer people are hunting, even as population rises.
These infractions result in one or two free throws, which may be taken by any of the five players on the court at the time.
However, the Leafs went on to win their third consecutive Cup, sweeping the Red Wings in four games.
The Marina Bay Sands is the most expensive standalone casino in the world, at a price of US$8 billion, and is among the world's ten most expensive buildings.
The 20th century witnessed the outcome of two world wars and not only the rise and fall of the Third Reich but also the rise and relative fall of communism.
There are ten players on each team: three attackmen, three midfielders, three defensemen, and one goalie.
It is important to distinguish between the two because the treatments are different.
Some mathematicians define an isosceles triangle to have exactly two equal sides, whereas others define an isosceles triangle as one with at least two equal sides.
According to estimates, prior to the American Civil War, Southerners ate around five pounds of pork for every pound of beef they consumed.
Bullfighting has been banned in four Mexican states: Sonora in 2013, Guerrero in 2014, Coahuila in 2015, and Quintana Roo in 2019.
During embryogenesis the ear develops as three distinct structures: the inner ear, the middle ear and the outer ear.
There are three layers of ocean temperature: the surface layer, the thermocline, and the deep ocean.
The most recent Soviet/Russian rocket cruisers, the four Kirov-class battlecruisers, were built in the 1970s and 1980s.
Each team has five players on the court at a given time.
Thus, by the beginning of the 20th century, two opposing schools of thought—Marxism and liberalism—believed in the possibility and the desirability of continual change and improvement.
Each participant may engage in any type of sex act with one or both of the others, such as vaginal, anal or oral sex or mutual masturbation.
Almost one in five adult Americans now report eating at least half a serving of white or brown rice per day.
Prior to the E3 reveal, it had been speculated that Microsoft was developing two next-generation Xbox consoles codenamed "Anaconda" and "Lockhart", which were high-end and low-end models respectively.
This usually takes the form of a small steering wheel or lever in the cockpit, often one for the pilot and one for the co-pilot.
It may consist of one or more military branches such as an army, navy, air force, space force, marines, or coast guard.
As of 2011, 1.3 billion tons of food, about one third of the global food production, are lost or wasted annually.
It is also possible to examine the microstructure of brain tissue using a microscope, and to trace the pattern of connections from one brain area to another.
Out of the four tendons in the rotator cuff, the supraspinatus is most prone to tearing.
The mating season is between March and May, when a female goes into estrus, which lasts for two or three days and only occurs once a year.
Depending on the level of education, this can take one to four years.
In economics and political economy, there are three broad forms of property: private property, public property, and collective property .
Roughly three times per century, a pandemic occurs, which infects a large proportion of the world's population and can kill tens of millions of people .
In the United States, residence halls are sometimes segregated by sex, with men living in one group of rooms, and women in another.
In the same year employment in American retail stores rose from 1.6 million to 1.8 million in the two months leading up to Christmas.
The five cockatoo species of the genus Calyptorhynchus are commonly known as black cockatoos, and are divided into two subgenera—Calyptorhynchus and Zanda.
In organic chemistry, there can be more than one chemical compound with the same composition and molecular weight.
In Singapore, there are three national cadet forces, the National Cadet Corps, the National Police Cadet Corps , and the National Civil Defence Cadet Corps .
Slipknot's fourth album, All Hope Is Gone, was released on August 20, 2008, debuting at number one on the Billboard albums chart.
Federal agencies, such as the FBI, only have jurisdiction over federal crimes or those that involve more than one state.
Four flamingo species are distributed throughout the Americas, including the Caribbean, and two species are native to Africa, Asia, and Europe.
Priests and deacons are ordained by their own diocesan bishop, while bishops are consecrated through the laying on of hands of at least three other bishops.
The IHF is composed of five continental federations: Asian Handball Federation, African Handball Confederation, Pan-American Team Handball Federation, European Handball Federation and Oceania Handball Federation.
A staring contest is a game in which two people stare into each other's eyes and attempt to maintain eye contact for a longer period than their opponent can.
China has over 160 cities with a population of over one million, including the seven megacities of Chongqing, Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Tianjin, Shenzhen, and Wuhan.
There are two paths, one for skaters and cyclists and the other for pedestrians.
Good soil is composed of about forty-five percent minerals, twenty-five percent water, twenty-five percent air, and five percent organic material, living and dead.
Budapest has a population of 1 750 000, more than eight times the population of the second largest city, Debrecen.
Five deaths were recorded in 1956, five in 1957 and six in 1958.
Many programs require at least three years of undergraduate education, and more are requiring a bachelor's degree.
Of the eight planets in the Solar System, only Venus and Mars lack such a magnetic field.
In the 1942 Stanley Cup Finals, the Maple Leafs were down three games to none in the best-of-seven series against Detroit.
In humans, there are three types of cones, maximally sensitive to long-wavelength, medium-wavelength, and short-wavelength light .
Districts tend to be less urbanized, tend to cover more than one population center and a larger amount of rural area, and tend to have a smaller population than cities.
The three main methods of central heating were developed in the late 18th to mid-19th centuries.
From the perspective of server-side website deployment, there are two types of web pages: static and dynamic.
An automatic firearm is capable of firing multiple rounds with one pull of the trigger.
The same distinction has also been codified into the statutory law of eight states: California, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, and Wisconsin.
In 2017, four countries accounted for 99% of the world total: Indonesia, China, Vietnam and Sri Lanka.
A somatosensory pathway will typically have three neurons: first-order, second-order, and third-order.
The history of the role of libraries in the Deaf community in the United States is a sordid one at best.
In the US, there are four types of ambulances.
For small buildings, such as houses, that are only two or three stories high, demolition is a rather simple process.
Today, about half a billion pallets are made each year and about two billion pallets are in use across the United States alone.
The subgenus is native to the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, with two species in America, three in Europe, and the remainder in Asia.
The Supreme Court, led by the chief justice of the United States, has nine members, who serve for life.
At five to six years of age they start to show signs of aging.
Portholes range in diameter from several inches to more than two feet, and weigh from several pounds to over one hundred pounds.
Multitasking can be defined as the attempt to perform two or more tasks simultaneously
It takes five years for a student to graduate from Primary school, five years for Secondary school and five years for Higher Secondary school .
An electromagnetic wave consists of two waves that are oscillations of the electric and magnetic fields.
To one side of the gap, there are three seating levels, and on the other, there are two.
The U.S. has eight battleships on display: Massachusetts, North Carolina, Alabama, Iowa, New Jersey, Missouri, Wisconsin, and Texas.
Although China and India are the two largest producers of rice in the world, both countries consume the majority of the rice produced domestically, leaving little to be traded internationally.
Psychologists have identified three main types of autonomy: emotional independence, behavioral autonomy, and cognitive autonomy.
According to United Nations data from 1995 Japan has three daily papers—the Yomiuri Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, and Mainichi Shimbun—with circulations well above 5.5 million.
Already four national parks—Yellowstone, Sequoia, Yosemite, and Mount Rainier—were established and by the time Congress formally established the National Park Service in 1916, America had a dozen national parks.
Since the Civil War, only one third-party presidential candidate—former president Theodore Roosevelt, running as a Progressive in 1912—has won as much as 20% of the popular vote.
In Canada and the United States, it is quite common for a long freight train to be headed by three or more locomotives.
In this model, the world is divided into six continents, with North America and South America considered separate continents.
Depending on the individual and the circumstances, human beings may defecate several times a day, every day, or once every two or three days.
Depending on the circumstances of the crime, burglary can be classified as third, second, or first-degree felonies, with maximum sentences of five years, fifteen years, and life, respectively.
Since the decision there have been more than 1,300 executions, a majority of these taking place in three states: Texas, Virginia, and Oklahoma.
Approximately two thirds of them are ethnic Russians, followed by ethnic Belarusians, ethnic Ukrainians, ethnic Poles and ethnic Lithuanians.
When brewing beer, there are four primary ingredients – water, grain, yeast and hops.
Rabbits have a total of 6 incisors, three upper premolars, three upper molars, two lower premolars, and two lower molars on each side.
In the Eastern Orthodox Church there is no distinction between a monastery for women and one for men.
The ankle joint is bound by the strong deltoid ligament and three lateral ligaments: the anterior talofibular ligament, the posterior talofibular ligament, and the calcaneofibular ligament.
There are five types of bones in the human body: long, short, flat, irregular, and sesamoid.
The Japanese force comprised four battleships and numerous heavy cruisers, while the U.S. force consisted of escort carriers, destroyers, and destroyer escorts.
It is estimated that each year at least one million children, mostly girls, become prostitutes.
This classification is based on three characteristics: embryo morphology, amount of endosperm and the position of the embryo relative to the endosperm.
As of the early twentieth century, Western physiologists and psychologists believed there were four basic tastes: sweetness, sourness, saltiness, and bitterness.
A stereo system cost up to twice as much as a monophonic system, since a stereo system contains two preamplifiers, two amplifiers, and two speaker systems.
Excluding the exosphere, the atmosphere has four primary layers, which are the troposphere, stratosphere, mesosphere, and thermosphere.
Child care, otherwise known as day care, is the care and supervision of a child or multiple children at a time, whose ages range from six weeks to thirteen years.
The term "sister-in-law" refers to three essentially different relationships, either the wife of one's brother, or the sister of one's spouse. "
There are three major philosophical schools of thought concerning the answer: dualism, materialism, and idealism.
Pots come in a variety of types as well, but usually can be broken down into two groups: porous and non-porous.
Volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net.
The Middle Ages on the mainland were dominated by the two upper echelons of the social structure: the nobility and the clergy.
Throughout the world, more than six billion people consume milk and milk products.
Toronto dispatched the Detroit Red Wings in seven games in the first round, then defeated the St. Louis Blues in another seven games in the Division Finals.
The brains of all species are composed primarily of two broad classes of cells: neurons and glial cells.
There are also five non-voting members appointed by the Crown: the Bailiff, the Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, the Dean of Jersey, the Attorney General and Solicitor General.
Each section has two fireteams of four men, one led by the corporal and the other by the lance corporal.
The finals tournament, which is held every four years, involves 32 national teams competing over a four-week period.
They separate from their mother at the age of two to two and a half years, but continue to grow until the age of five years.
Although the word paper is etymologically derived from papyrus, the two are produced very differently and the development of the first is distinct from the development of the second.
As a result of these low wages, restaurant employees suffer from three times the poverty rate as other U.S. workers, and use food stamps twice as much.
If the pitcher throws three strikes against a batter, then the batter is out and the next batter in the order comes up to bat.
Five Maple Leafs' coaches have been inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame as players, while four others were inducted as builders.
In that year, the eight highest paid comedians were from the United States, including Amy Schumer, who became the first woman to be listed in the top ten.
Young females reach sexual maturity at three to four years, whereas males at four to five years.
The anterior compartment contains three muscles: biceps brachii, brachioradialis and coracobrachialis muscles.
According to the Motorcycle Industry Council, U.S. scooter sales increased fivefold over six years, swelling from 12,000 units in 1997 to 69,000 units in 2002.
Most organizations have three management levels: first-level, middle-level, and top-level managers.
The retina contains three different cell layers: photoreceptor layer, bipolar cell layer and ganglion cell layer.
Traditionally, three distinct subspecies have been recognised: the Queensland koala , the New South Wales koala , and the Victorian koala .
For example, the territory of Alsace-Lorraine has been traded between France and Germany on three different occasions.
At the beginning of each round, up to three players can place their bets in the "betting box" at each position in play.
During the next four decades, Indian GDP is expected to grow at an annualised average of 8%, making it potentially the world's fastest-growing major economy until 2050.
Labrador can be divided into four geographical regions: the North Coast, Central Labrador, Western Labrador, and the South Coast.
The five basic tastes are sweet, salty, sour, bitter, and umami.
The only difference between the two systems was the timing of the payment.
The two main constituents of silicates are silicon and oxygen, which are the two most abundant elements in the Earth's crust.
There were reports of about five feet of snow already on the ground when the first of the storms hit.
A brain-damaged man, trapped in a coma-like state for six years, was brought back to consciousness in 2003 by doctors who planted electrodes deep inside his brain.
The brown pelican is the national bird of three Caribbean countries—Saint Kitts and Nevis, Barbados, and Sint Maarten—and features on their coats of arms.
His early work focused on six basic emotions: happiness, anger, sadness, fear, disgust and surprise.
People usually have two or three meals a day.
On August 19, 2008 Hillcrest Laboratories Inc. filed a complaint against Nintendo with the U.S International Trade Commission, alleging that the Wii Remote infringed on three of its patents.
The seaweeds range from large multicellular algae to single-celled organisms and are classified into three groups, the green algae, red algae and brown algae.
It is often used to characterize a situation in which a romantic relationship has ended, but where one partner still loves the other.
In another study of people with chronic daily headache, 75% did not have chronic daily headaches two years later, and 88% did not have chronic daily headaches eight years later.
The CWC has been held every two years since 2001, and to date, the competition has been held in Japan, the United Kingdom, Finland, Germany, and Hong Kong.
The Louisiana Superdome has hosted seven Super Bowls, the most of any venue.
These rules are not strictly enforced, however, for any of the four major professional sports leagues in North America.
The rotator cuff is a group of four muscles that surround the shoulder joint and contribute to the shoulder's stability.
Unicycles, tricycles and quadracycles are not strictly bicycles, as they have respectively one, three and four wheels, but are often referred to informally as "bikes" or "cycles".
The New England Patriots became the dominant team throughout the early 2000s, winning the championship three out of four years early in the decade.
In the 20th century, three influenza pandemics occurred: Spanish influenza in 1918 , Asian influenza in 1957 , and Hong Kong influenza in 1968 .
These are joints between the three bones of the elbow, the humerus of the upper arm, and the radius and the ulna of the forearm.
The deltoid attaches to parts of the clavicle and scapula, just above the shoulder joint on one end, and to the outside of the humerus bone on the other.
Toronto also retained $1.2 million of Kessel's salary for the remaining seven seasons of his contract.
The mayor is elected every five years by the inhabitants of the municipality, but he cannot be re-elected after two terms.
The Torah contains five books—Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy—which are collectively called the Five Books of Moses, the Pentateuch , or Humash .
Because of the need for a ladder and the height of the bed, the top bunk of a bunk bed is not recommended for children under six years of age.
A parliamentary republic with a multi-party system, it has eight recognised national parties, including the Indian National Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party , and more than 40 regional parties.
Lapis lazuli, a semi-precious stone, has been mined in Afghanistan for more than three thousand years, and was exported to all parts of the ancient world.
Roller coasters are divided into two main categories: steel roller coasters and wooden roller coasters.
When graphed on two intersecting axes, four quadrants are possible: strong group/strong grid, strong group/weak grid, weak group/weak grid, weak group/strong grid.
Coincidentally, all three teams are in the Pacific Division of the NBA.
In addition, adults under 44 years-of-age are seven times more likely to have a stroke missed than are adults over 75 years-of-age.
Clarinet quartet, usually three B♭ sopranos and one B♭ bass, or two B♭, an E♭ alto clarinet, and a B♭ bass clarinet, or sometimes four B♭ sopranos.
Typically, a player wins a set by winning at least six games and at least two games more than the opponent.
There are four main mechanisms for cooling the air to its dew point: adiabatic cooling, conductive cooling, radiational cooling, and evaporative cooling.
At standard pressure, one litre of water has a mass of 0.999975 kg at 4 °C, and 0.997 kg at 25 °C.
There are two main types of electronic oscillator: the linear or harmonic oscillator and the nonlinear or relaxation oscillator.
A triangle is a polygon with three edges and three vertices.
On 7 July 2005, three London Underground trains and a double-decker bus were bombed in a series of terrorist attacks.
Females generally give birth for the first time at three or four years of age, and reach their peak reproductive fitness at around six years.
The muscles of rabbit's hind limbs can be classified into four main categories: hamstrings, quadriceps, dorsiflexors, or plantar flexors.
The thorax is composed of three segments, each with a pair of legs.
These actions yielded Ford a $2.7 billion profit in fiscal year 2009, the company's first full-year profit in four years.
These quarks and leptons interact through four fundamental forces: gravity, electromagnetism, weak interactions, and strong interactions.
It was believed that the world was composed of five elements: metal, wood, water, fire and earth, and that each had a color.
The muscles acting on the hand can be subdivided into two groups: the extrinsic and intrinsic muscle groups.
In baseball statistics, for each game, one pitcher will be credited with winning the game, and one pitcher will be charged with losing it.
The term "the court" is also used to refer to the presiding officer or officials, usually one or more judges.
It is composed of four distinct parts: the chromosphere, the transition region, the corona and the heliosphere.
For example, a carbon-14 atom is made of six protons, eight neutrons, and six electrons.
It is held over three days, with each team playing each other once during the first two days in a round-robin format.
Council elections are held every four years.
China has a close economic and military relationship with Russia, and the two states often vote in unison in the UN Security Council.
I have seen three or four of them.
The arctic weasel has a metabolic rate that is two or three times as high as would be expected for an animal of its size.
In one unique case, Boston College and Boston University, the former located in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts and the latter located in Boston, Massachusetts, are completely separate institutions.
The winner is the person who has the most points at the end of seven rounds
The terms of a partnership are partly governed by a partnership agreement if one is created, and partly by the law of the jurisdiction where the partnership is located.
There may be two wounds, one at the site of entry and one at the site of exit, generally referred to as a "through-and-through."
The four bottom teams in Super League at the end of the home-and-away season are joined by the top four from the Championship after its home-and-away season.
Edward Gibbon's six volume History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire influenced the development of historiography.
The pitcher must be on the pitcher's mound, with one foot in contact with the pitcher's rubber, and the catcher must be behind home plate in the catcher's box.
There are three race courses in Peninsular Malaysia, namely Penang Turf Club, Perak Turf Club and Selangor Turf Club.
The Pittsburgh Steelers and the New England Patriots are tied with six Super Bowl wins
For example, the words "dog" and "dot", which vary by only one letter, are closer than "dog" and "cat", which differ by three letters.
June 21, 2015, J.D. Martinez of the Detroit Tigers, hit three home runs against the New York Yankees.
In the Republic of India's first three general elections, in 1951, 1957, and 1962, the Jawaharlal Nehru-led Congress won easy victories.
The first official game was played in the YMCA gymnasium in Albany, New York, on January 20, 1892, with nine players.
Scald injuries are most common in children under the age of five and, in the United States and Australia, this population makes up about two-thirds of all burns.
They are harvested 24 hours a day, seven days a week during a 12- to 14-week season, and immediately transported to packing plants, which operate on the same schedule.
In terms of efficacy, there can be three types of interactions between medications: additive, synergistic, and antagonistic.
It implies six years in primary school, three years in junior secondary, three years in senior secondary and four years in the university.
In regulated provinces massage therapists are known as Registered Massage Therapists, in Canada five provinces regulate massage therapy: British Columbia, Ontario, Newfoundland and Labrador, Prince Edward Island, and New Brunswick.
The Lima metropolitan area is Peru's capital and largest city with over 10 million inhabitants, more than one third of the total national population.
In temperate and subpolar regions around the planet, four seasons are generally recognized: spring, summer, autumn, and winter.
As a result, small changes to one part of the system can accumulate and magnify to cause large effects on the system as a whole.
Calves are usually weaned at about eight to nine months of age, but depending on the season and condition of the dam, they might be weaned earlier.
He or she is elected for a period of four years.
The 1928 Olympics in Amsterdam featured three teams: the United States, Canada, and Great Britain.
Hockey is a sport in which two teams play against each other by trying to manoeuvre a ball or a puck into the opponent's goal using a hockey stick.
It is estimated that the deaf population in Derby is at least three times higher than the national average, and that only London has a larger deaf population.
An abbreviation of species , often used to collectively refer to more than one species of the same genus, as in "Astragalus spp."
Addiction can occur in the absence of dependence, and dependence can occur in the absence of addiction, although the two often occur together.
Though definitions vary, porcelain can be divided into three main categories: hard-paste, soft-paste and bone china.
In 2013, 367,000 children under the age of five died from injuries, down from 766,000 in 1990.
Sixty five percent of cocaine enters the United States through Mexico, and the vast majority of the rest enters through Florida.
Airports revenues are divided into three major parts: Aeronautical revenue, Non-aeronautical revenue, and Non-operating revenue.
The earliest definitions from the 19th century defined three sub-disciplines of musicology: systematic musicology, historical musicology, and comparative musicology or ethnomusicology.
A game is won by the first player to have won at least four points in total and at least two points more than the opponent.
In all, 50 human cases are known to have occurred since the virus was identified in the mid-20th century, which have resulted in six deaths.
The five highest selling models in the United States in 2018 were the Dodge Grand Caravan, Chrysler Pacifica, Honda Odyssey, Toyota Sienna and Kia Sedona.
All three ships were launched between 1931 and 1934, and served with Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
They both have a double bed and a total of four people can sleep in it at the same time.
The Kübler-Ross model, commonly known as the five stages of grief, is a theory first introduced by Elisabeth Kübler-Ross in her 1969 book, On Death and Dying.
Since 1800, the human population has increased from one billion to over seven billion.
In 19th century Japan, at least one in eight marriages ended in divorce.
On three separate occasions between 1922 and 1933, the Coca-Cola Company was offered the opportunity to purchase the Pepsi-Cola company, and it declined on each occasion.
The mass of the Earth is approximately three millionths of the mass of the Sun.
These have been reclassified as one species, Bos taurus, with three subspecies: Bos taurus primigenius, Bos taurus indicus, and Bos taurus taurus.
Chicken meat contains about two to three times as much polyunsaturated fat as most types of red meat when measured by weight.
The Planck length can be defined from three fundamental physical constants: the speed of light in a vacuum, the Planck constant, and the gravitational constant.
The earliest known examples were found in the Egyptian tombs of the Old Kingdom, created nearly five thousand years ago.
It is estimated that one third of the human food supply depends on pollination by insects, birds and bats, most of which is accomplished by bees, whether wild or domesticated.
A biplane is a fixed-wing aircraft with two main wings stacked one above the other.
Twenty percent of that amount has been mined in the last five years, and during the last 10 years, nine new mines have started production
Sales of beer are four times those of wine, which is the second most popular alcoholic drink.
There are four basic tastes: sweet, sour, salt, and bitter.
There are four principal brainwave states that range from high-amplitude, low-frequency delta to low-amplitude, high-frequency beta.
Behind only the two species of bison, the moose is the second largest land animal in both North America and Europe.
This occurs in environments with a high neutron density, such as a supernova or the merger of two neutron stars.
In February 2010, Google announced the Google Fiber project, with experimental plans to build an ultra-high-speed broadband network for 50,000 to 500,000 customers in one or more American cities.
Sixteen forms of hemagglutinin and nine forms of neuraminidase have been identified.
Violins make up a large part of an orchestra, and are usually divided into two sections, known as the first and second violins.
The numbers of competitions a team participates in varies from team to team, but generally, most teams tend to participate in six to ten competitions a year.
There are eight planets in the Solar System.
The warranty lasts one year from purchase and can be extended to two years with AppleCare.
Generally, there are two methods for folding fat into the dough: the English method and the French method.
It is estimated that over a billion Barbie dolls have been sold worldwide in over 150 countries, with Mattel claiming that three Barbie dolls are sold every second.
The Solar System also has at least five dwarf planets, an asteroid belt, numerous comets, and a large number of icy bodies which lie beyond the orbit of Neptune.
A dictionary is a listing of words in one or more specific languages, often arranged alphabetically , which may include information on definitions, usage, etymologies, pronunciations, translation, etc.
According to the IUCN and BirdLife International, seven species of cockatoo are considered to be vulnerable or worse and one is considered to be near-threatened.
The network includes the Beijing–Guangzhou–Shenzhen High-Speed Railway, the single longest HSR line in the world, and the Beijing–Shanghai High-Speed Railway, which has three of longest railroad bridges in the world.
A bicycle, also called a bike or cycle, is a human-powered or motor-powered, pedal-driven, single-track vehicle, having two wheels attached to a frame, one behind the other.
Depending on the profession, they may work for two to three days a week in the company and then spend two or three days at a vocational school.
Astronomical observatories are mainly divided into four categories: space-based, airborne, ground-based, and underground-based.
Through Jesus Christ, Our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee, in the unity of the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end.
However, genetic research places lilies, Allium, and asparagus in three separate families—the Liliaceae, Amaryllidaceae, and Asparagaceae, respectively—with the Amaryllidaceae and Asparagaceae being grouped together in the order Asparagales.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends the influenza vaccine for those aged six months or older who do not have contraindications.
For theft, the punishment is imprisonment of at most two years, while gross theft carries a punishment of between six months and six years.
Prior to that, Australia won the World Championship in 2009 and New Zealand had won the previous three tournaments before that.
Geographically, all 31 provincial divisions of mainland China can be grouped into six regions: North China, Northeast China, East China, South Central China, Southwest China, and Northwest China.
There are many styles of mandolin, but three are common, the Neapolitan or round-backed mandolin, the carved-top mandolin and the flat-backed mandolin.
More than four of every five children of school age in Nepal now attend primary school, compared to just one in five 40 years ago.
There must be a minimum of 35,000 parking spaces within one mile of the stadium.
Patanjali defines the word "yoga" in his second sutra:योगश्‍चित्तवृत्तिनिरोधः- Yoga Sutras 1.2This terse definition hinges on the meaning of three Sanskrit terms.
The median time between divorce and a second marriage was about three and a half years.
London's finance industry is based in the City of London and Canary Wharf, the two major business districts in London.
FIFA Women's World Cup has been held every four years since 1991.
The FIFA World Cup has taken place every four years since 1930 with the exception of 1942 and 1946 tournaments, which were cancelled due to World War II.
The word slavery is often used as a pejorative to describe any activity in which one is coerced into performing.
With the addition of two new teams for the 2009 season, the play-offs expanded to eight teams.
To become a meteorologist, a person must take at least one undergraduate university degree in meteorology.
In the heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning industry , liquids such as water are used to transfer heat from one area to another.
By one estimate, one billion tons of plastic waste have been discarded since the 1950s.
Be three times less likely to become HIV-positive.
Supermoto motorcycles were designed to compete on a single course that alternated between three genres of motorcycle racing: road racing, track racing, and motocross.
The Japanese had two heavy cruisers, two small light cruisers, and six destroyers.
At any one time at the end of a stitch, there is only one loop left on the hook.
The "width" is measured from one side to the other.
Fish have what is often described as a two-chambered heart, consisting of one atrium to receive blood and one ventricle to pump it.
In humans, other mammals, and birds, the heart is divided into four chambers: upper left and right atria and lower left and right ventricles.
In one study, flutamide decreased acne scores by 80% within three months, whereas spironolactone decreased symptoms by only 40% in the same period.
Its three colours of red, white and blue go back to Charlemagne's time, the 9th century.
A study of 4,703 patients found that 26% had pain in the last two years of life, increasing to 46% in the last month.
The cities of London and Washington, D.C. contain more of the 20 most visited museums in the world than any others, with five museums and four museums, respectively.
These plant species all contain two types of the reductase enzymes, tropinone reductase I and tropinone reductase II.
With a population of over seven billion, humans are among the most numerous of the large mammals.
The three cars differed only in the front fascia, rear bumper, taillights, and wheels.
They are also three times as likely to receive food stamps, public assistance or disability payments.
If the mating is not successful within two to three weeks, the female is mated again.
The constitution establishes three levels of government: the federal Union, the state governments and the municipal governments.
A buzzer sounds when the time limit runs out, which may be a minute and a half, two minutes, or three minutes, depending on the company.
Treatment twice daily for six months is necessary, and is as effective as topical benzoyl peroxide 5%, isotretinoin 0.05%, and erythromycin 2%.
On April 10, 2015, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office invalidated five provisions of Personal Audio's podcasting patent.
Currently, seven phyla are proposed: Microsporidia, Chytridiomycota, Blastocladiomycota, Neocallimastigomycota, Glomeromycota, Ascomycota, and Basidiomycota.
An in-line three-wheeled vehicle has two steered wheels, one at the front and the other in the middle or at the rear.
There are four types: primary, secondary, developmental, and congenital.
The sari is tied around the waist and knotted at one end, wrapped around the lower body, and then over the shoulder.
Within Tolkien's fiction, "Mordor" had two meanings: "Black Land" in Sindarin, and "Land of Shadow" in Quenya.
However, some cathedrals retain elaborate medieval structures on either side of the church, one for the reading of the Gospel and the other for the reading of the Epistle.
There are two main types of magnetic pickups, single- and double-coil , each of which can be passive or active.
Depending on the origin of the package, it can travel from coast to coast in the United States in about four days.
Friends tend to be more similar to one another in terms of age, gender, behavior, substance abuse, personal disposition, and academic performance.
All three of these players went to the Hall of Fame.
The sets of each of the three major television soap operas have been visited by some of the members of the royal family, including Queen Elizabeth II.
In Mumbai and New Delhi, 47% and 51% of slum children under the age of five are stunted and 35% and 36% of them are underweighted.
These two companies have been competing since the 1890s, but their rivalry has intensified since the 1980s.
Inpatient surgery is performed in a hospital, and the person undergoing surgery stays at least one night in the hospital after the surgery.
A 2010 Food and Agriculture Organization report found that the global dairy sector contributes to four percent of the total global anthropogenic GHG emissions.
The retina contains two major types of light-sensitive photoreceptor cells used for vision: the rods and the cones.
A game is usually composed of nine innings, and the team with the greater number of runs at the end of the game wins.
Kittens are usually spayed or neutered at seven months of age, but kittens may be neutered as young as seven weeks , especially in animal shelters.
While one may be tempted to think that Socrates and Plato sported "philosopher's beards", such is not the case.
An athlete is a person who competes in one or more sports that involve physical strength, speed or endurance.
There are four types of thunderstorms: single-cell, multi-cell cluster, multi-cell lines and supercells.
The relative importance of these three modes of transmission is unclear, and they may all contribute to the spread of the virus.
Nintendo sold more than three million Wii consoles in the U.S. in December 2009 , due to the price cut and software releases such as New Super Mario Bros. Wii.
To qualify as power walking as opposed to jogging or running, at least one foot must be in contact with the ground at all times.
Modern naval vessels can be broken down into three categories: surface warships, submarines, and auxiliary ships.
In the early 1980s, it was about seven years, rising to 9.4 years in 1995 and 15.1 years in 2018.
Growth from 2007 to 2008 was only 3.7% during the first eight months of 2008.
In some cases, the village may be coterminous with the town or township, in which case the two may have a consolidated government.
It was said that he was gone for three days.
Latin America is the most urban continent, with four fifths of its population living in cities, including one fifth of the population said to live in shantytowns .
Skunks have five toes on the front paws and four toes on the back paws.
In Germany, the first eight cases of distemper were reported in 2007.Some of the most important bacterial diseases which affect raccoons are leptospirosis, listeriosis, tetanus, and tularemia.
While actual pottery fragments have been found up to 19,000 years old, it wasn't until about ten thousand years later that regular pottery became common.
In April 2016, Scoot announced its intention to start flights to three Indian cities: Amritsar, Chennai, and Jaipur, subject to regulatory approvals.
Although it is a foot race, it is different from running in that one foot must appear to be in contact with the ground at all times.
For example, after four months of coma caused by brain damage, the chance of partial recovery is less than 15%, and the chance of full recovery is very low.
The book has sold over four million copies, and has been the basis of both fictional and documentary films.
At the top and bottom of the escalator, the two tracks converge so that the front and back wheels of the steps are almost in a straight line.
At the earliest stages of brain development, the three areas are roughly equal in size.
Short-term disability insurance covers a person for a period typically up to six months, paying a stipend each month to cover medical bills and other necessities.
The first flight was between Helsinki and Tallinn, capital of Estonia, and it took place on March 20, 1924, one week later.
In some cases, the stem and the disc can be combined in one piece, or the stem and the handle are combined in one piece.
Males are not able to breed until the age of five or six.
The District of Columbia and the five major U.S. territories do not have senators.
During the Shuttle era, six orbiters were built, all of which have flown in the atmosphere and five of which have flown in space.
Fourteen other NFL franchises have won at least one Super Bowl.
A heterosexual threesome may involve two men and a woman, for example, in double penetration, or two women and a man.
Oxide minerals are divided into three categories: simple oxides, hydroxides, and multiple oxides.
Finance can be broken into three different sub categories: public finance, corporate finance, and personal finance.
Some estimates suggest that in the late 19th century, one out of every three cowboys was a Mexican vaquero, and 20% may have been African-American.
Self-esteem and self-efficacy are two such mediators.
It was $62.70 a week, which was the disposable income required to support the basic needs of a family of two adults and two dependent children at the time.
However, as knowledge of physiology has increased over the past two hundred years, so has the understanding of the physical process of singing and vocal production.
Every sexually reproducing creature who is not a genetic chimera has a maximum of four genetic grandparents, eight genetic great-grandparents, sixteen genetic great-great-grandparents and so on.
It was common for manufacturers to offer the same D-segment model in three different body styles: a 4-door sedan, a 5-door liftback and a 5-door station wagon.
Around 1900, one in four ethnic Chinese men in the U.S. worked in a laundry, typically working 10 to 16 hours a day.
The sequence is divided up into codons, each of which is a particular sequence of three nucleotides and corresponds to a particular amino acid.
By the time of the American Revolutionary War, these rifles were commonly used by frontiersmen, and Congress authorized the establishment of ten companies of riflemen.
It is composed of one room, one bathroom, and a kitchen, which is often in the same space as the room.
In the Conference Semifinals, the four remaining teams in the conference face each other.
The working week is Monday to Friday, seven and a half hours per day , 37.5 hours per week .
Released in 1977, Nintendo's Color TV-Game was Japan's best-selling first-generation console, with more than three million units sold.
Consumption as a share of gross domestic product in China has fallen for six decades, from 76 percent in 1952 to 28 percent in 2011.
The FIFA Confederations Cup is contested by the winners of all six continental championships, the current FIFA World Cup champions and the country which is hosting the Confederations Cup.
Slabs can vary in thickness from a few centimetres to three metres.
This allows the peanuts to dry slowly to a little less than a third of their original moisture level over a period of three to four days.
The term computer programmer can refer to a specialist in one area of computer programming or to a generalist who writes code for many kinds of software.
Second, two recent studies have suggested that gratitude may have a unique relationship with well-being, and can explain aspects of well-being that other personality traits cannot.
Non-citizens in the two countries are issued special non-citizen passports as opposed to regular passports issued by the Estonian and Latvian authorities to citizens.
If one is left-handed and wears the watch on the right wrist, one has to remove the watch from the wrist to reset the time or to wind the watch.
In geometry, a square is a regular quadrilateral, which means that it has four equal sides and four equal angles .
Roughly one fifth of all adults 18 and over in the US are considered diagnosable with mental illness.
Green is the color associated with Puerto Rico's Independence Party, the smallest of that country's three major political parties, which advocates Puerto Rican independence from the United States.
The reptilian nasal chamber is divided into three parts: an anterior vestibule, the main olfactory chamber, and a posterior nasopharynx.
It is common to squat with one leg and kneel with the other leg.
Public security is enacted at the three levels of government, each of which has different prerogatives and responsibilities.
The three major constituents of Earth's atmosphere are nitrogen, oxygen, and argon.
In 2017, the top five manufacturers worldwide were Samsung , Apple , Huawei , Oppo , and Vivo .
It is also known as the bicuspid valve due to its having two cusps, an anterior and a posterior cusp.
It lived at the beginning of the Pleistocene about two million years ago, its fossil remains were excavated in Gansu province of northwestern China.
A1 is half the size of a sheet of A0 , such that two sheets of A1 placed side by side are equal to one sheet of A0.
Males must wait until they are at least seven years old to gain the opportunity to mate.
China also operates thirteen Luyang III-class destroyers, six Luda-class destroyers, two Luhu-class destroyers, and one Luhai-class destroyer.
China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, are the three large providers of mobile and internet in China.
For example, most people would say that an object "weighs one kilogram", even though the kilogram is a unit of mass.
Although wind produced only about 1.5% of worldwide electricity use in 2009, it is growing rapidly, having doubled in the three years between 2005 and 2008.
For example, the sum of the mass of the three quarks in a nucleon is approximately 12.5 MeV/c2, which is low compared to the mass of a nucleon .
In meteorites, about three percent of the carbon is in the form of nanodiamonds, having diameters of a few nanometers.
Mordor was surrounded by three mountain ranges, to the north, the west, and the south.
Modern science is commonly divided into three major branches that consist of the natural sciences, social sciences, and formal sciences.
Iran is also the world's largest producer and exporter of handmade carpets, producing three quarters of the world's total output and having a share of 30% of world's export markets.
The three men were subsequently jailed for a combined total of ten years and one month for the attack.
In 2016, Mattel expanded this line to include seven skin tones, twenty-two eye colors, and twenty-four hairstyles.
The number of customers who could be attended to at one time was limited by the number of staff employed in the store.
The time from spawning to settling is usually two to three days, but can be up to two months.
It fell to associations from seven other European countries: France, Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland, to form an international association.
The two-point convert tied the game up 24–24 with under five minutes to play in regulation, and Toronto went on to win 27–24.
Although bobsleigh crews once consisted of five or six people, they were reduced to two- and four-person sleighs in the 1930s.
Palliative care, which focuses on maximising a person's quality of life, may play a role in management, particularly if the likelihood of survival within five years is poor.
However, the Leafs lost in seven games to eventual 2013 Stanley Cup finalist Boston in the first round.
September 17, 2010, Shin-Soo Choo of the Cleveland Indians, hit three home runs against the Kansas City Royals.
According to Swedish law, there are three types of employment.
There are three bones at the elbow joint, and any combination of these bones may be involved in a fracture of the elbow.
The team members had a grueling schedule, working seven days a week, morning and night, for weeks on end.
Fatigue: Generally there are three types of fatigue, i.e., muscular, sensory, and mental.
Under optimum storage conditions, raspberries and blackberries last for two to five days, strawberries 7–10 days, blueberries two to four weeks, and cranberries two to four months.
Of the 800,000 refugees vetted through the resettlement program in the United States between 2001 and 2016, only five were subsequently arrested on terrorism charges
Over the next two decades, as many as 25 million Americans were doing some form of running or jogging – accounting for roughly one tenth of the population.
In the US, so many umbrella-related patents are being filed that the U.S. Patent Office employs four full-time examiners to assess them.
The three main textual traditions of the Greek New Testament are sometimes called the Alexandrian text-type , the Byzantine text-type , and the Western text-type .
Insects can be divided into two groups historically treated as subclasses: wingless insects, known as Apterygota, and winged insects, known as Pterygota.
There are two important types of shears, straight shears and diamond shears.
During the following season, on February 9, 2016, the Leafs packaged Phaneuf in another multi-player deal, acquiring four players, as well as a 2017 second-round pick from the Ottawa Senators.
One study found that eight days after amputation, 72% of patients had phantom limb pain, and six months later, 67% reported it.
Projectors can be roughly divided into three categories, based on the type of input.
Its successor, the PlayStation Vita, which launched in Japan in December 2011 and in most other major territories in February 2012, selling over four million units by January 2013.
Some industry estimates indicate that over 2,000 new aircraft will begin service over the next five years in this region.
There are four main stances in modern tennis: open, semi-open, closed, and neutral.
The United States was one the first countries to officially designate land as "wilderness" through the Wilderness Act of 1964.
The bony architecture of the ankle consists of three bones: the tibia, the fibula, and the talus.
The highest incidence of fire burns occurs in those 18–35 years old, while the highest incidence of scalds occurs in children less than five years old and adults over 65.
From the 1950s, most U.S. geographers divided the Americas into two continents.
The New England Patriots and the Pittsburgh Steelers have the most Super Bowl championship titles with six each.
In the Western world, males die three to four times more often by means of suicide than do females.
In all, they are four times longer than the Great Wall of China, and consumed a hundred times more material than the Great Pyramid of Cheops.
The country is a world leader in fundamental scientific research, having produced twenty-two Nobel laureates in either physics, chemistry or medicine and three Fields medalists.
With this history in mind, the orchestra can be analysed in five periods: the Baroque era, the Classical music period, early/mid-Romantic music era, late-Romantic/early 20th-century music and 21st-century era.
It is home to half of the world's total number of geysers in its nine geyser basins.
In contrast, according to the US Federal Aviation Administration, a flight attendant can spend up to 30 hours of flight time in seven consecutive days and in some cases more.
Surgical training in the U.S. requires a minimum of five years of residency after medical school.
A monopoly is distinguished from a monopsony, in which there is only one buyer of a product or service
For example, non-exempt workers must receive at least one and one half times their normal hourly wage for every hour worked beyond 40 hours in a work week.
When eight teams are involved in the tournament, the bottom four teams play in the first round
In Japanese folklore, the most common types of witch can be separated into two categories: those who employ snakes as familiars, and those who employ foxes.
Memory and mental imagery, often seen as a part of the process of imagination, have been shown to be affected by one another. "
Weight training aims to build muscle by prompting two different types of hypertrophy: sarcoplasmic and myofibrillar.
Since then, both the number of divorces and the divorce rate declined for six years straight.
The Leafs and Red Wings met in the playoffs six times during the 1940s, including four Stanley Cup finals.
Certain environmental conditions are needed to trigger the transition from one stage to the next, such as the shift from a cold winter to spring.
There were three apparent types of enslavement in Ancient Egypt: chattel slavery, bonded labor, and forced labor.
These variations are achieved by sewing one end of the zipper together, sewing both ends together, or allowing both ends of the zipper to fall completely apart.
Video games are developed and released for one or several platforms and may not be available on others.
As a constructor, Ford won the World Sportscar Championship three times in 1966, 1967, and 1968, and the World Rally Championship three times in 1979, 2006 and 2007.
In most squirrel species, the hind limbs are longer than the fore limbs, while all species have either four or five toes on each paw.
By the time of the Warring States period of the 5th–3rd centuries BCE, there were only seven powerful states left.
The brain reaches 90% of its adult size by the time a person is six years of age.
Although only eight species of bears are extant, they are widespread, appearing in a wide variety of habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere and partially in the Southern Hemisphere.
In the 2018 and 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs, the Bruins would again defeat the Maple Leafs in seven games in both of those years.
In 2014, Manhattan was home to six of the top ten zip codes in the United States by median housing price.
In their first full season under the leadership of Carlyle, Toronto managed to secure a playoff berth in the 2012–13 season for the first time in eight years.
Currently, four states—Vermont, Alaska, Hawaii, and Maine—have prohibited billboards.
In 1991, there were only six bridges across the main stretch of the Yangtze River, which bisects the country into northern and southern halves.
In many sports, results in the top three of a competition are often referred to as "podiums" or "podium finishes".
Generally, a team will include five or six specialist batsmen and four or five specialist bowlers, plus the wicket-keeper.
As of May 2015, 49 are from the Labour Party, 21 are Conservatives, and three are Liberal Democrat.
Fresh ginger can be substituted for ground ginger at a ratio of six to one, although the flavors of fresh and dried ginger are somewhat different.
The most common are called scaffold couplers, and there are three basic types: right-angle couplers, putlog couplers and swivel couplers.
However, three of the four major league baseball teams to play in New York City played in Manhattan.
Violence can be broadly divided into three broad categories – direct violence, structural violence and cultural violence.
A ship's crew can generally be divided into four main categories: the deck department, the engineering department, the steward's department, and others.
In the end, the Crown commuted their sentences to six months in jail.
Over 350 individuals have completed a marathon in each state of the United States plus Washington, D.C. and some have done it as many as eight times.
A standard Xbox 360 controller features eleven digital buttons, two analog triggers, two analog sticks and a digital D-pad.
He is allowed to hold the ball for six seconds before he has to release it.
By the summer of 1944, it was reported that sales of women's trousers were five times more than the previous year.
There is however no evidence of the existence of such a person, and condoms had been used for over one hundred years before King Charles II ascended to the throne.
If, in the first case, John has no money, or knows he has only one year to live, he will not be interested in buying the stock.
Each Interstate Highway was required to be a controlled-access highway with at least four lanes and no at-grade crossings.
The animal's sense of smell may be four times as sensitive as that of a bloodhound.
Today, five subspecies of the blue wildebeest are recognised, while the black wildebeest has no named subspecies.
There are two types of makeup brushes: synthetic and natural.
There are two types of frustration: internal and external.
For example, during World War II, eight German agents entered the U.S. in June 1942 as part of Operation Pastorius, a sabotage mission against U.S. economic targets.
The mats may be of one colour only, or they may be made of different colours and in different designs.
The terms laptop and notebook are used interchangeably to describe a portable computer in English, although in some parts of the world one or the other may be preferred.
In 1609, Johannes Kepler published his three laws of planetary motion, explaining how the planets orbit the Sun.
The creation and importance of saloons was greatly influenced by four major cities: New Orleans, St. Louis, Chicago and San Francisco.
Most domesticated foals are weaned at five to seven months of age, although foals can be weaned at four months with no adverse physical effects.
Like the violin, it tended to have four strings, but came in a variety of shapes and sizes.
There are ten major ports in France, the largest of which is in Marseille, which also is the largest bordering the Mediterranean Sea.
Most notably the GT40 won the 24 Hours of Le Mans four times in the 1960s and is the only American car to ever win overall at this prestigious event.
A female's first ovulatory cycle occurs when she is six years of age, and is followed by a two-year period of adolescent infertility.
The distinction between the two is not always easy to draw
Metal skewers are typically stainless steel rods with a pointed tip on one end and a grip of some kind on the other end for ease of removing the food.
In the United States Marine Corps, a rifle squad is usually composed of three fireteams of four Marines each and a squad leader who is typically a sergeant or corporal.
Nevertheless, it is within the scope of ordinary language to say that it is essential to a triangle that it has three sides.
Lead-211, -212, and -214 are present in the decay chains of uranium-235, thorium-232, and uranium-238, respectively, so traces of all three of these lead isotopes are found naturally.
The British Chiropractic Association said in 2006 that 32% of the British population spent more than ten hours per day sitting down.
All languages with six "basic" colors include black, white, red, green, blue, and yellow.
However, one error in judgement can lead to serious injury or death.
At that point in the line-up, it is advantageous to place one or two kickers who can kick the ball into the outfield.
It is divided into three lobes, an upper, middle, and a lower lobe by two fissures, one oblique and one horizontal.
The genus Gorilla is divided into two species: the eastern gorillas and the western gorillas , and either four or five subspecies.
Within its first five years, the company expanded to 24 stores in Arkansas and reached US$12.6 million in sales.
In Week 1, the top two teams played the first leg of a two-legged match, and the remaining teams played one-off knockout matches.
The exceptions are the manatee and the two-toed sloth, which have just six, and the three-toed sloth which has nine cervical vertebrae.
Unlike most shellfish, oysters can have a fairly long shelf life of up to four weeks.
There can be one, two, or three of these for any given triangle.
The ides occur on the thirteenth day in eight of the months, but in March, May, July, and October, they occur on the fifteenth.
In this sense, there are two occupancies in many single-family homes: the garage and the living space of the home.
The eight planets of the Solar System all lie very close to the ecliptic
Asia has three main financial centers: Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore.
Consonants are grouped into six classes for the purpose of rhyme: they need not be identical, but must belong to the same class.
Currently only two nations operate cruisers: the United States and Russia, and in both cases the vessels are primarily armed with guided missiles.
From 1961 to 1967, the two teams met one another in three playoff series, including two Stanley Cup finals.
In October 2018, India signed a US$5.43 billion agreement with Russia to procure four S-400 Triumf surface-to-air missile defence systems, Russia's most advanced long-range missile defence system.
However, in those days, the top four teams in each division made the playoffs, regardless of record.
David Pogue of The New York Times wrote a "dual" review, one part for technology-minded people, and the other part for non-technology-minded people.
The wind energy comes from two power plants in South Dakota, one in Iowa and one in Oklahoma.
In 20th century Western popular music, the term "vocal quartet" usually refers to ensembles of four singers of the same gender.
They form the anterior part of the tongue that makes up two thirds of the length of the tongue, and continue to develop through prenatal development.
Similarly, many kennels offer grooming and training services in addition to boarding, with the idea being that the kennel can be the owner's "one-stop shop" for all three services.
The weight of oil extracted is about one three-thousandth to one six-thousandth of the weight of the flowers
At approximately nine weeks' gestation, the production of testosterone by a male embryo results in the development of the male reproductive system.
Of persons with diabetes who have a lower extremity amputation, up to 55% will require amputation of the second leg within two to three years.
In this view, one might be tempted to say that reality is a "mental construct"
Some species of Pokémon may undergo a maximum of two evolutionary transformations, while others may undergo only one, and others may not evolve at all.
While there are many kinds of archives, the most recent census of archivists in the United States identifies five major types: academic, business , government, non-profit, and other.
Entitled Iowa, Slipknot's second album—released on August 28, 2001—peaked at number three on the Billboard charts and at number one in the UK.
Passports of Bosnia and Herzegovina are in the three official languages of Bosnian, Serbian and Croatian in addition to English.
Within the game of softball, the center fielder is traditionally the fastest of the three outfielders.
The Congress of Vienna, convened after Napoleon's downfall, established a new balance of power in Europe centred on the five "Great Powers": the UK, France, Prussia, Austria, and Russia.
Another type of bulldozer is the wheeled bulldozer, which generally has four wheels driven by a 4-wheel-drive system and has a hydraulic, articulated steering system.
Fossil evidence shows that roots have been associated with mycorrhizal fungi since the early Paleozoic, four hundred million years ago, when the first vascular plants colonised dry land.
The locomotive was driven by a 2.2 kW, series-wound motor, and the train, consisting of the locomotive and three cars, reached a speed of 13 km/h.
In 2010, about 230 million, or 80% of the population aged five years and older, spoke only English at home.
The yolk is concentrated in one part of the egg , with the cell nucleus and most of the cytoplasm in the other .
In the current M16A2 and M16A4 variants of the U.S.-made M16, continuous fully automatic fire is not possible, having been replaced by an automatic burst of three cartridges .
He showed that white light could be created by combining red, blue and green light, and that virtually all colours could be made by different combinations of these three colours.
When more than five toes are present, this is known as polydactyly.
Generally, bows can be divided into three main types: informal, formal, and very formal.
Each platoon was divided into four sections, each commanded by a corporal.
Currently, two of the three walrus subspecies are listed as "least-concern" by the IUCN, while the third is "data deficient".
In the United States, the airline industry is dominated by four large firms.
Papaya plants grow in three sexes: male, female, and hermaphrodite.
Curbside is the story of two young men: Drew, an aspiring writer, and Nathan, an aspiring musician, who meet and eventually form a tumultuous relationship.
In the past, the US also coined the following denominations for circulation in gold: One dollar, $2.50, three dollars, five dollars, ten dollars, and twenty dollars.
It is not uncommon for some bars to have karaoke performances seven nights a week.
The closest relatives of gorillas are the other two Homininae genera, chimpanzees and humans, all of them having diverged from a common ancestor about 7 million years ago.
The United States is ranked among the top three in the Global Competitiveness Report as well.
In much of Soweto, many houses are American in appearance, but are smaller, and often consist of a kitchen and living room, two or three bedrooms, and a bathroom.
The three who chose to remain outside the Eurozone were: the United Kingdom, Denmark, and Sweden.
Being marsupials, koalas give birth to underdeveloped young that crawl into their mothers' pouches, where they stay for the first six to seven months of their lives.
In Mumbai, there are an estimated 10 to 12 million inhabitants, and six million of them are squatters.
The District of Columbia and the five major U.S. territories each have one member of Congress—these members are not allowed to vote.
The grounding of planes for three days in the United States after September 11, 2001, provided a rare opportunity for scientists to study the effects of contrails on climate forcing.
D. can be completed in a minimum of six years, which includes two years of pre-pharmacy classes, and four years of professional studies.
Every now and then an atom is replaced by a completely different atom, sometimes as few as one in a million atoms.
There are three types of tears: basal tears, reflexive tears, and psychic tears.
The skull consists of five major bones: the frontal , parietal , premaxillary and nasal , and the mandible .
Depending on a brewery's size, a brewer may need anywhere from five to fifteen years of professional experience before becoming a brewmaster.
By the beginning of the Fourteenth Century, English texts used the word in all three of its senses: common, legal, and archaic.
There are, however, two downsides to this finish.
In Indonesia, palm oil is already cultivated on nine million hectares and, together with Malaysia, the island nation produces about 85 percent of the world's palm oil.
Also, a significant amount of time is required to shift the filter from one channel to another.
This is in contrast to the lunar week in the Bible in which the seven days are simply numbered with the seventh day being kept as a sabbath day.
These give rise to the lobes of the lungs, three on the right and two on the left.
There are three types of lunar eclipses: penumbral, when the Moon crosses only the Earth's penumbra
It forms the atrioventricular septum which separates the atria from the ventricles, and the fibrous rings which serve as bases for the four heart valves.
It is not uncommon for a camera to have two viewfinders.
A UK study, published in 2009, found that on average women suffer four times as much psychological stress from their work commute than men do.
The Japanese force included five heavy cruisers, two light cruisers, and one destroyer.
The People's Republic of China accounts for over three quarters of global poverty reduction from 1990 to 2005.
Turkish cuisine was well established by the mid-1400s, the beginning of the Ottoman Empire's six hundred-year reign.
More than 99% of all species of life forms, amounting to over five billion species, that ever lived on Earth are estimated to be extinct.
In Guatemala, it is estimated that eight percent of all women work as domestic workers.
His glory was short-lived, as he disappeared in a plane crash near Timmins, Ontario, four months later.
The game is much shorter, with each quarter lasting only six minutes and only a two-minute break between quarters.
In the groin, underneath the skin, there are three to five deep inguinal lymph nodes that play a role in the immune system.
The peoples of North Africa consist of three main indigenous groups: Berbers in the northwest, Egyptians in the northeast, and Nilo-Saharan-speaking peoples in the east.
The Olympic Games, held every four years, is usually regarded as the international pinnacle of sports competition.
Sidewalks are normally in pairs, one on each side of the road, with the center section of the road for motorized vehicles.
There are three main types of modern acoustic guitar: the classical guitar , the steel-string acoustic guitar, and the archtop guitar, which is sometimes called a "jazz guitar".
The Kingdom of Denmark includes three separate countries: Denmark, Faroe Islands and Greenland.
At the end of each seven minute chukka, play continues for an additional 30 seconds or until a stoppage in play, whichever comes first.
An ISBN has four parts: the first part is the country code, the second the publisher code, and the third the title code.
Whereas 14-month-olds can recall a three-step sequence after being exposed to it once, 6-month-olds need approximately six exposures in order to be able to remember it.
At the beginning of the 21st century, just six percent of Americans hunted.
It is suggested by the American Cancer Society that jogging for at least 30 minutes five days a week can help in cancer prevention.
China, India, and the Philippines have been in the top four sending countries since the 1990s.
The NLL currently has nine teams, five in the United States and four in Canada.
A 2010 study showed that children in the United States snacked on average six times per day, approximately twice as often as American children in the 1970s.
Polyprotic acids, also known as polybasic acids, are able to donate more than one proton per acid molecule, in contrast to monoprotic acids that only donate one proton per molecule.
The three tombs were all built in the 17th century.
There are four basic punches in boxing: the jab, cross, hook and uppercut.
They fully paid back the loan with interest to the U.S. Government on May 24, 2011, a full five years early.
Sunscreen use can help prevent melanoma and squamous cell carcinoma, two types of skin cancer.
There have been three film versions of A Streetcar Named Desire: in 1951, in 1984 and in 1995.
The seven major plates are the Pacific, North American, Eurasian, African, Antarctic, Indo-Australian, and South American.
Less common are unilateral contracts in which one party makes a promise, but the other side does not promise anything.
According to the Guidance, there are three more issues that must be examined.
This biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on Earth: the atmosphere, the biosphere, and the lithosphere.
The service sector accounts for three quarters of the gross domestic product.
Though the two are related, they are separate and distinct.
To be considered for the Olympics, a sport must be played on four continents and by at least 75 countries.
Craniosynostosis is a condition in which one or more of the fibrous sutures in an infant skull prematurely fuses, and changes the growth pattern of the skull.
Over time, these arteries consolidate into the three main arteries that supply the developing gastrointestinal tract: the celiac artery, superior mesenteric artery, and inferior mesenteric artery.
A player fouled while attempting a regular two-point shot thus receives two shots, and a player fouled while attempting a three-point shot receives three shots.
Eating and swallowing are complex neuromuscular activities consisting essentially of three phases, an oral, pharyngeal and esophageal phase.
The three most common flavorants are peppermint, spearmint, and wintergreen.
There are four common widths for carpeting goods: 6' wide, 12' wide, 13'6" wide, and 15' wide.
The Nintendo 64 was released in 1996, featuring 3D polygon model rendering capabilities and built-in multiplayer for up to four players.
Merchant ships are ships used for commercial purposes and can be divided into four broad categories: fishing, cargo ships, passenger ships, and special-purpose ships.
There are at least six types of silk gland, each producing a different type of silk.
There are three forms of modern fencing, each of which uses a different kind of weapon and has different rules
It represents a series of video game consoles developed by Microsoft, with three consoles released in the sixth, seventh, and eighth generations, respectively.
More than 99% of all species, amounting to over five billion species, that ever lived are estimated to be extinct.
A mushroom develops from a nodule, or pinhead, less than two millimeters in diameter, called a primordium, which is typically found on or near the surface of the substrate.
In 2013, they added two more teams to their roster.
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization operates with five levels of language endangerment: "safe", "vulnerable" , "definitely endangered" , "severely endangered" , and "critically endangered" .
A pulse to one coil turns the relay on and a pulse to the opposite coil turns the relay off.
Lebanese Passports are in three languages: Arabic, English, and French.
This varied greatly from one country to another.
It is also the sum of three squares, 50 = 32 + 42 + 52, and the sum of four squares, 50 = 62 + 32 + 22 + 12.
Originally in the 1920s and 1930s, airports and air bases—particularly in the United Kingdom—were built in a triangle-like pattern of three runways at 60° angles to each other.
The first woman in space was Soviet Valentina Tereshkova, who launched on June 16, 1963, aboard Vostok 6 and orbited Earth for almost three days.
Before 1850, many British children had to work six days a week, for more than twelve hours a day.
Ford claimed to have eliminated nearly three million pounds of smog-forming emissions from their U.S. cars and light trucks over the 2004 to 2006 model years.
The US had four heavy cruisers, one light cruiser, and four destroyers.
The two DNA strands are known as polynucleotides since they are composed of simpler units called nucleotides.
In 2011, of the 38.6 million hospital stays in U.S. hospitals, 29% included at least one operating room procedure.
According to simulations, a two-lane roundabout with three exits should offer 12–20% greater traffic flow than a conventional, three-lane roundabout of the same size.
There is only one monastic habit in the Eastern Church , and it is the same for both monks and nuns.
Squirrels mate either once or twice a year and, following a gestation period of three to six weeks, give birth to a number of offspring that varies by species.
This is higher than the five year mortality rates for breast cancer, colon cancer, and prostate cancer.
At the same time, two kidneys, located on the underside of the muscle, remove waste products from the blood.
In 2007 and 2008, the top eight teams advanced to the playoffs
Until recently, it was thought that there were seven Thunnus species, and that Atlantic bluefin tuna and Pacific bluefin tuna were subspecies of a single species.
Foals are generally weaned from their mothers between four and six months of age.
Over 50 mobile operators have over ten million subscribers each, and over 150 mobile operators had at least one million subscribers by the end of 2009.
By 1723 there were nearly four hundred cafés in Paris, but their menu was limited to simpler dishes or confectionaries, such as coffee, tea, chocolate, ice creams, pastries, and liqueurs.
The ratio between muscle and fat among post-pubertal boys is around three to one, while for girls it is about five to four.
Jurors are selected from a jury pool formed for a specified period of time—usually from one day to two weeks—from lists of citizens living in the jurisdiction of the court.
In 2009, Japanese roboticist Tomotaka Takahashi developed a robot that can jump three inches off the ground.
This took place on the fifth day of the first lunar month, two days before the predicted end of the battle.
When the two sliders are located next to each other, which can be at any point along the tape, the zipper is fully closed.
Three million people lost power, some for as long as six weeks.
According to this study, refugees resettled in Western countries could be about ten times more likely to have PTSD than age-matched general populations in those countries.
The main form of fat that is commonly ingested is triglycerides, which are composed of three fatty acids bound together.
In Europe and the United States, adult men usually have between one and nine hours more leisure time than women do each week.
There are three species of zebras: the plains zebra, the mountain zebra and the Grévy's zebra.
The wall of the heart is made up of three layers: epicardium, myocardium, and endocardium.
In July 2011, a male red kangaroo attacked a 94-year-old woman in her own backyard as well as her son and two police officers responding to the situation.
London has hosted the Summer Olympics three times: in 1908, 1948, and 2012, making it the first city to host the modern Games three times.
The first three rounds determine which team from each conference will advance to the final round, dubbed the Stanley Cup Final.
The first valve lowers the pitch by a whole step , the second valve by a semitone, and the third valve by three semitones.
The most consumed carbonated soft drinks are produced by three major global brands: Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and the Dr Pepper Snapple Group.
Widows in the Victorian era were expected to wear mourning veils for at least three months and up to two and a half years, depending on the custom.
In general, the sources of historical knowledge can be separated into three categories: what is written, what is said, and what is physically preserved, and historians often consult all three.
In temperate and sub-polar regions, four seasons based on the Gregorian calendar are generally recognized: spring, summer, autumn or fall, and winter.
In all series, home games alternate between the two teams in a 2-2-1-1-1 format.
In many jurisdictions, it is illegal to give away kittens younger than eight weeks of age.
In the Czech Republic, full-time employment is usually Monday to Friday, eight hours per day and forty hours per week.
The remaining four books of the Torah tell the story of Moses, who lived hundreds of years after the patriarchs.
However humans can pronounce words without the use of the lungs and glottis in alaryngeal speech, of which there are three types: esophageal speech, pharyngeal speech and buccal speech .
Most bachelor's degrees span over four years, followed by a two years master's degree.
The two modes of abrasive wear are known as two-body and three-body abrasive wear.
It is contested every three to four years between Australia, Britain, the United States and New Zealand.
The mechanism is little understood but the particles usually have a negative charge when their diameter is under 250 μm and a positive one when they are over 500 μm.
In 1996, Brady Anderson set a Major League record by hitting a lead-off home run in four consecutive games.
At the most basic level, there are only two types of nest building: sculpting and assembly.
It is also possible in federal systems for the same person to have one gender under state law and a different gender under federal law.
In the 880s, there were four Burgundies: the duchy, the county, and the kingdoms of Upper Burgundy and Lower Burgundy.
These butter sticks measure 3 1⁄4 by 1 1⁄2 by 1 1⁄2 inches and are usually sold with four sticks packed side-by-side in a flat, rectangular box.
There are four different types of casein proteins: αs1-, αs2-, β-, and κ-caseins.
Sociologists place societies in three broad categories: pre-industrial, industrial, and postindustrial.
In India, for example, compulsory education spans over twelve years, with eight years of elementary education, five years of primary schooling and three years of upper primary schooling.
This competition takes place every four years since 1930 with the exception of 1942 and 1946 tournaments, which were cancelled due to World War II.
There are four extant species that are commonly referred to as kangaroos:The red kangaroo is the largest surviving marsupial anywhere in the world.
In most women, one breast is slightly larger than the other.
In 1985, only seven percent of U.S. ski areas allowed snowboarding, with a similar proportion in Europe.
Wealth is measured in three forms: net worth, net worth minus home equity, and liquid assets.
Japan has a low unemployment rate of around four percent.
During that time, the Philippines, along with Malta and the Vatican, are the three most conservative countries on the issue of divorce.
There are three Platoons in a Rifle Company, which is commanded by a Major, and three Rifle Companies in an Infantry Battalion, which is commanded by a Lieutenant-Colonel.
In a paper calendar, one or two sheets can show a single day, a week, a month, or a year.
According to this system there are four types of hair: straight, wavy, curly, kinky.
In a cross dowel application, the two pieces of wood are aligned and a bolt hole is drilled through one piece of wood and into the other.
This is a partial list of the last five seasons completed by the Maple Leafs.
Within a short time, five of eight U.S. battleships were sunk or sinking, with the rest damaged.
For example, in the adjacent picture, there is a combination of three apples and two apples together, making a total of five apples.
If the puppy has not taken its first breath within about six minutes, it is likely to die.
The national average is four cups per person per day, with many people drinking six cups or more.
A price is the quantity of payment or compensation given by one party to another in return for one unit of goods or services.
Romantic composers Beethoven, Brahms, and Mendelssohn each wrote three important compositions in this form, and Mozart, Dvořák, and Gabriel Fauré each wrote two.
There are five different ways that a player can score a goal .
It consists of three layers of muscular fibres, with fibres lying at angles to each other.
When puppies are socialized with humans, particularly between the ages of eight and twelve weeks, they develop social skills around people.
The five classical planets, being visible to the naked eye, have been known since ancient times and have had a significant impact on mythology, religious cosmology, and ancient astronomy.
A contortionist may perform alone or may have one or two assistants, or up to four contortionists may perform together as a group.
The concentrations of different volcanic gases can vary considerably from one volcano to the next.
An exchange rate is a price at which two currencies can be exchanged against each other.
At the beginning of the game, each player draws seven tiles from the bag and places them on their rack, concealed from the other player.
After being born, kittens are totally dependent on their mother for survival and they do not normally open their eyes until after seven to ten days.
During the ensuing firefight the party killed three men, of whom one was identified as Cárdenas.
Russia, Ukraine, and the United States each produced about one million tonnes.
Within the United States and Canada, in most cultural groups and regions, the funeral rituals can be divided into three parts: visitation, funeral, and the burial service.
Every discussion of freedom depends on three key components: who is free, what they are free to do, and what forces restrict their freedom.
A recommended method is to boil the beans for at least ten minutes
She held a scepter in one hand and offered a pomegranate, like a "royal orb", in the other. "
College men's games use two 20-minute halves, college women's games use 10-minute quarters, and most United States high school varsity games use 8-minute quarters
Different musical genres tend to be associated with one or more of these instruments.
By 2006, California produced the second-largest rice crop in the United States, after Arkansas, with production concentrated in six counties north of Sacramento.
In all cases, the interaction between the two is mutually beneficial.
As well, one out of three robberies in 2012 in the United States involved the theft of a mobile phone.
Usually this is done by trapping one or more balls out of play with one flipper, then using the other flipper to score points with the remaining ball or balls.
For quadrupeds, there are three main categories: walking gaits, running gaits and leaping gaits.
In 1612, six years after the settlement of Jamestown, John Rolfe was credited as the first settler to successfully raise tobacco as a cash crop.
For example, over a four-month period in early 2011, two Taliban snipers shot dead two British soldiers and wounded six others at an outpost in Qadrat, Helmand province.
Working hours were as long as they had been for the farmer, that is, from dawn to dusk, six days per week.
If a player inadvertently picks up and sees one or more extra dominoes, those dominoes become part of his or her hand.
The crayons were approximately five and one-half inches long and sold out quickly.
Only four countries currently possess dependent territories: the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Norway and the United States.
Princeton's women's teams have made it to the final game seven times since 1993 and have won three NCAA titles, in 1993, 2002, and 2003.
To understand a battle, one has to understand the battlefield.
In the United Kingdom, there are over 2,000 chiropractors, representing one chiropractor per 29,206 people.
The genus, which includes about 75 species, is divided into four subgenera.
The Australian Football League, which is the top level of the sport, currently has eight teams qualify for the finals under a system designed by the league in 2000.
At the mid-oceanic ridges, two tectonic plates diverge from one another as new oceanic crust is formed by the cooling and solidifying of hot molten rock.
The alcohol content in tequila is affected by three factors: the amount of isoamyl alcohol and isobutanol in the yeast strain, the carbon:nitrogen ratio , and the temperature of fermentation.
Between 2003 and 2005, over 100 species have been named, a rate three times faster than that of the past century.
In some Eastern philosophies, the concept of "nothingness" is characterized by an egoless state of being in which one fully realizes one's own small part in the cosmos.
There are two types of clay deposits: primary and secondary.
The second wak has two or four syllables in the first and third bat, two syllables in the second, and four syllables in the fourth.
They are five to eight centimetres long
In the first three days of the traditional New Year, it is a tradition that people compete with each other by playing with firecrackers.
Up until the early 19th century, luncheon was generally reserved for the ladies, who would often have lunch with one another when their husbands were out.
Using emblems creates a way for humans to communicate with one another in a non-verbal way.
For example, tartaric acid has three distinct isomers, a pair of diastereomers with one diastereomer forming two enantiomers.
The Platoon is sub-divided into three squads, each with eight soldiers.
A 4-point harness is similar, but without the strap between the legs, while a 6-point harness has two belts between the legs.
In China, suicide is three times as likely in rural regions as urban ones, partly, it is believed, due to financial difficulties in this area of the country.
In one version, a tartan pattern skirt is worn with an over-the-shoulder plaid, a white blouse and petticoat, and a velvet bodice.
Chrome plating can be done by two different methods, where the source of the deposited metal is either in the form of hexavalent chromium or trivalent chromium.
The origins of the word are unknown, but two theories exist.
Four home runs in a row by consecutive batters has only occurred nine times in the history of Major League Baseball.
This difference is reflected in the structure of the cervical or neck vertebrae in the two groups, which are clearly distinct.
Commercial orchards produce an average of seven tonnes per hectare each year, with some orchards achieving 20 tonnes per hectare.
For an eclipse to occur, the Moon must be near the intersection of the two orbital planes.
In fact, only about one third of diabetic amputees will live more than five years, a survival rate equivalent to that of many cancers.
The males reach sexual maturity as early as seven years, but do not typically mate until fully developed at around 15 years of age.
Unconventional warfare, the opposite of conventional warfare, is an attempt to achieve military victory through acquiescence, capitulation, or clandestine support for one side of an existing conflict.
After six or seven weeks, they are ready for metamorphosis.
The Japanese had four battleships including Yamato, six heavy cruisers, two small light cruisers, and 11 destroyers.
Construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries.
Upon the end of the home-and-away season, the clubs will split into three leagues, with two of them including Championship clubs.
Rattlesnake venom is a mixture of five to 15 enzymes, various metal ions, biogenic amines, lipids, free amino acids, proteins, and polypeptides.
The three most prevalent types of for-profit partnerships are general partnerships, limited partnerships, and limited liability partnerships.
Among the resulting wide variety of pitches that may be thrown, the four basic types are the fastball, the changeup , and two breaking balls—the curveball and the slider.
The most common types of couches are the two-seater, sometimes referred to as a loveseat, designed for seating two persons, and the sofa, which has two or more cushion seats.
As of January 2011, De Beers states that it only sells diamonds from the following four countries: Botswana, Namibia, South Africa and Canada.
There are two different types of problems, ill-defined and well-defined: different approaches are used for each.
The Leafs lost to Philadelphia in seven games during the first round of the 2003 playoffs.
Influenza spreads around the world in yearly outbreaks, resulting in about three to five million cases of severe illness and about 290,000 to 650,000 deaths.
In the UK, meteorologists consider winter to be the three coldest months of December, January and February.
This practice, however, is not systematically followed in the four European countries driving on the left, Cyprus, Malta, the Republic of Ireland, and the United Kingdom.
France requires three years of study and two final exams in order to apply for a license.
On the other hand, for organic acids the term mainly indicates the presence of one carboxylic acid group and sometimes these acids are known as monocarboxylic acid.
There are two types of payment methods
It is estimated that between 1894 and 1913 one in nine Americans had received a free Coca-Cola, for a total of 8,500,000 free drinks.
Although bovine tuberculosis is not considered a major threat to wolves, it has been recorded to have killed two wolf pups in Canada.
There are two breeds of Welsh Corgis, the Cardigan and the Pembroke, each named for the county in Wales where it originated.
Pokémon CDs have been released in North America, some of them in conjunction with the theatrical releases of the first three and the 20th Pokémon films.
Unlike the iPhone and iPod Touch's built-in applications, which work in three orientations , the iPad's built-in applications support screen rotation in all four orientations, including upside-down.
In the late 1970s, the Steelers became the first NFL dynasty of the post-merger era by winning four Super Bowls in six years.
The defending players must keep a distance of at least three meters from the thrower until the ball leaves his hand.
It is composed of a network of six narrow alleys, connected by even narrower passageways which are just about wide enough for a single person to pass through.
Unlike the other muscles in the anterior compartment of the arm, the biceps muscle crosses two joints, the shoulder joint and the elbow joint.
You have to get past three different sets of publicists: the publicist for the event, the publicist for the movie, and then the celebrity's personal publicist.
This is due to two competing physical effects: gravity, which causes the air to be as close as possible to the ground
The throwing motion can be broken down into three basic steps: cocking, accelerating, and releasing.
In most cases, the symptoms affect only one side of the body .
The average length of time is four years and includes a minimum number of hours of both on-the-job training and technical instruction at a college or other institution.
Online school education is divided into three subcategories: Online Elementary School, Online Middle School, Online High school.
The rules are basically the same as for ice hockey, but one variation has an extra player on the ice called a "rover".
Tournaments are usually held on weekends, and between six and nine games are played each day.
In supermarkets there are two types of aisles, food aisles and checkout aisles.
The hi-hats can be sounded by striking the cymbals with one or two sticks or just by opening and closing the cymbals with the foot pedal, without striking the cymbals.
Several still exist, including three in Berlin: one at a geographical institute, one at the Märkisches Museum, and another at the Deutsches Historisches Museum.
Some mammals are omnivores and display varying degrees of carnivory and herbivory, generally leaning in favor of one more than the other.
The Poodle is a formal dog breed that comes in three varieties: Standard Poodle, Miniature Poodle, and Toy Poodle.
An exception was the late U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist, who broke tradition by adorning his robe with four gold stripes on each sleeve.
Players can hold the ball for only three seconds at any time.
The first player or doubles team to win four points wins the game, regardless of whether the player or team is ahead by two points.
Julia knitted a square of ten stitches and ten rows in stockinette stitch using knitting needles that were 6.5 centimeters in diameter and 3.5 meters long.
National identity is a person's subjective sense of belonging to one state or to one nation.
They were followed at a considerable distance by another small force of two heavy cruisers, a small light cruiser, and four destroyers.
Scientific research on emotion has increased significantly over the past two decades.
At Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, there are five parallel runways, named 17L, 17C, 17R, 18L, and 18R, all oriented at a heading of 175.4°.
The hip joint is reinforced by four ligaments, of which three are extracapsular and one intracapsular.
These four entities predict the extent of the stroke, the area of the brain that is affected, the underlying cause, and the prognosis.
There are, however, two general definition systems: the sociological/functional and the phenomenological/philosophical.
There would be no others for more than six years.
The attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 brought the United States into the war, but with eight battleships sunk or damaged by air attack.
China's Belt and Road Initiative has expanded significantly over the last six years and, as of 2019, includes 137 countries and 30 international organizations.
The boundary between the two parts of the tongue, the anterior from the first arch and the posterior from the third arch is marked by the terminal sulcus.
The four most populous cities of Europe are Istanbul, Moscow, Paris and London, each have over 10 million residents, and as such have been described as megacities.
The teams have only met three times in the playoffs since the Original Six era, with their last meeting in 1993.
Curtains can be used in shower or bathtub enclosures with two main purposes: to provide privacy and to prevent water from flooding or spraying outside the shower or bathtub area.
Some rocks, such as limestone or quartzite, are composed primarily of one mineral – calcite or aragonite in the case of limestone, and quartz in the latter case.
The eight known planets and all known exoplanets have π values above 100, while Ceres, Pluto, and Eris have π values of 0.1 or less.
There are three major types of motorcycle: street, off-road, and dual purpose.
The attacker was convicted of serious sexual assault and jailed for four years.
For instance, there are only four full-time scientists per 10,000 workers in India while this number is 79 for the United Kingdom and the United States.
Stress positions place the human body in such a way that a great amount of weight is placed on just one or two muscles.
In the current system, eight clubs from each of the league's two conferences qualify for the playoffs, with separate playoff brackets for each conference.
The four highest-scoring teams advance to the semi-finals
They are the two busiest rail stations in the United States.
Specifically, people who were more grateful before the transition were less stressed, less depressed, and more satisfied with their relationships three months later.
The iPhone XR comes in three storage options: 64, 128, and 256GB.
In most modern cultures, three main meals are eaten: in the morning, early afternoon, and evening.
Polygyny is a form of plural marriage, in which a man is allowed more than one wife .
Tobacco can be cured through several methods, including:Air-cured tobacco is hung in well-ventilated barns and allowed to dry over a period of four to eight weeks.
Many flashlights are cylindrical in design, with the lamp assembly attached to one end.
These three components are interwoven, and direct covalent linkages exist between the lignin and the hemicellulose.
As such, upon Lincoln's election, seven states broke away to form the Confederate States of America.
There are four physical processes involved in producing vocal sound: respiration, phonation, resonation, and articulation.
The thorax has three segments, each with a pair of robust legs, and a pair of membranous wings on the hind two segments.
Just a few months after launch, however, an electronics failure caused the probe to go into standby mode, and it spent the next three years in this inactive state.
In May 2011, the number of monthly unique visitors to Google surpassed one billion for the first time.
In Canada, the Food and Drug Regulations of the Food and Drugs Act of Canada categorizes jelly into two types: jelly, and jelly with pectin.
Because of this, the use of tomato leaves in herbal tea has been responsible for at least one death.
Internally, the ventricle is divided into three interconnected cavities which include the cavum arteriosum, the cavum pulmonale, and the cavum venosum.
Female bison typically do not reproduce until three years of age and can reproduce to at least 19 years of age.
The integumentary system is made up of three layers: the outermost epidermis, the dermis and the hypodermis.
The University of Timbuktu was a medieval university in Timbuktu, present-day Mali, which comprised three schools: the Mosque of Djinguereber, the Mosque of Sidi Yahya, and the Mosque of Sankore.
In the United States, the underwriting loss of property and casualty insurance companies was $142.3 billion in the five years ending 2003.
In his first two years in office, Perón nationalized the Central Bank and paid off its billion-dollar debt to the Bank of England
On September 15, 2018, for the first time, one in five Japanese residents was aged 70 or older.
Volunteering improves not only the communities in which one serves, but also the life of the individual who is providing help to the community.
It is only natural for these rechargeable batteries to chemically age, which is why the performance of the battery when used for a year or two will begin to deteriorate.
However, of this metropolitan population, in 2001 nearly half lived in low-density neighborhoods, with only one in five living in a typical "urban" neighborhood.
In most cases, a mare is a female horse over the age of three, and a filly is a female horse three and younger.
Globally, nearly one billion people have no access to a toilet at all, and are forced to do open defecation .
Since 1934, with the sole exception of 1952, India has been among the top three movie-producing countries in the world every single year.
One track was used for dialogue, two for music, and one for sound effects.
This results in greater concentrations of these three neurotransmitters in the brain.
The injury rate for snowboarding is about four to six per thousand persons per day, which is around double the injury rate for alpine skiing.
However, in terms of risk assessment, these are two very distinct terms.
It could be opened and closed in the same way as modern umbrellas, and weighed less than one kilogram.
The genus is native to Eurasia and North America, but the two commonplace species worldwide, T. officinale and T. erythrospermum, were introduced from Europe and now propagate as wildflowers.
This can occur when there are three or more possible choices.
Of those petrol vehicles, about 27% are four-cylinder models and about nine percent are eight-cylinder models.
In Western culture, a bride may be attended by one or more bridesmaids.
For example, consider the list of numbers1, 3, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9This list contains seven numbers.
Each of these speeches is six minutes in length, and is followed by two minutes of cross examination.
Chimpanzee babies are cognitively more developed than human babies until the age of six months, when the rapid development of human brains surpasses chimpanzees.
It is commonly held that the modern popularity of tattooing stems from Captain James Cook's three voyages to the South Pacific in the late 18th century.
In more severe cases a coma may last for over five weeks, while some have lasted as long as several years.
Historically, high-profile dual-threat quarterbacks in the NFL were uncommon, Steve Young and John Elway being among the notable exceptions, leading their teams to three and five Super Bowl appearances respectively
There are eight lower front teeth in ruminants, but there is some disagreement as to whether these are eight incisors, or six incisors and two incisor-shaped canines.
London has five major business districts: the City, Westminster, Canary Wharf, Camden & Islington and Lambeth & Southwark.
They would enjoy six meals a day, if they could get them.
Females become sexually mature at about three years of age and can then become pregnant
In one study of 100 children with headache, eight years later 44% of those with tension headache and 28% of those with migraines were headache free.
On synthesizers, the term unison is used to describe two or more oscillators that are slightly detuned in correspondence to each other, which makes the sound fatter.
The genus Thunnus is further classified into two subgenera: Thunnus , and Thunnus .
Tough new graffiti laws have been introduced in Australia with fines of up to A$26,000 and two years in prison.
Three of their five pairs of legs have claws, including the first pair, which are usually much larger than the others.
A list of 599 cigarette additives, created by five major American cigarette companies, was approved by the Department of Health and Human Services in April 1994.
In the first year, 400 beer houses opened and within eight years there were 46,000 across the country, far outnumbering the combined total of long-established taverns, pubs, inns and hotels.
There have been many attempts to differentiate between the two distinct types of crying: positive and negative.
For example, the orbit of each planet in the solar system is approximately an ellipse with the Sun at one focus point .
The upholstery layer consists of three parts: the insulator, the middle upholstery, and the quilt.
In international basketball and in college basketball, the referee is the lead official in a game, and is assisted by either one or two umpires.
If two persons share an ancestor, one as a grandchild and the other as a great-grandchild of that individual, then the two descendants class as "first cousins once removed"
There can be four different ways in which contracts can be set aside.
Ordered from largest in area to smallest, these seven regions are: Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Antarctica, Europe, and Australia.
In older usage, the male of any species is a hart, especially if over five years old, and the female is a hind, especially if three or more years old.
Depending on the type of match being played, each team has either one or two innings.
Cheyenne, Wyoming is North America's most hail-prone city with an average of nine to ten hailstorms per season.
Pure water consists of two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen, but water used in baking often is not pure.
The total number of extant species is estimated at between six and ten million
According to local authorities in 1965, five percent of the housing stock in England and Wales was unfit for habitation.
They are formed by the combination of two monosaccharide molecules with the exclusion of a molecule of water.
Arches have many forms, but all fall into three basic categories: circular, pointed, and parabolic.
It was carved around the 4th century AD and, in the course of time, it collapsed and broke into three parts.
The population of such settlements ranges from a few hundred people to around five thousand.
There are three major types of barriers to entry: economic, legal and deliberate.
They are made of two parts: One part is the hinge cup and the arm, the other part is the mounting plate.
When picking a concealer, people tend to choose one or two shades lighter than their skin tone to better hide their blemishes and dark circles under the eye.
Consider the following two statements:If A were a triangle, then A would have three sides.
The working week is Monday to Friday, eight hours per day, forty hours per week.
In the Iberian Peninsula, the Reconquista concluded with the fall of Granada in 1492, ending over seven centuries of Islamic rule in the south-western peninsula.
When needed, the energy is taken from the source and consumed by one or more motors or engines.
On average, husbands are three years older than their wives in the U.S., and spouses often coordinate their retirement decisions.
The Orthodox Church has three ranks of holy orders: bishop, priest, and deacon.
In her book The Art of Coaching, Elena Aguilar recommends that a coach "must have been an effective teacher for at least five years."
There are nine possible combinations of these alleles, which can result in four different color phenotypes: black, blue, red, and fawn .
The theory of special relativity finds a convenient formulation in Minkowski spacetime, a mathematical structure that combines three dimensions of space with a single dimension of time.
By the millennium change, the EU dominated the economy of Europe comprising the five largest European economies of the time namely Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, and Spain.
This can be done for all such equations of degree one, two, three, or four
The triangles are then rolled with three-and-a-half to four full turns, and finally, the ends of the roll are curved inwards to form a crescent.
The cider is ready to drink after a three-month fermentation period, although it is more often matured in the vats for up to three years.
A general purpose computer has four main components: the arithmetic logic unit , the control unit, the memory, and the input and output devices .
In the US and Canada, sheets are often sold in a four-piece set consisting of a fitted sheet, a flat sheet and two pillowcases.
There are two holidays in the Islamic calendar: ʿĪd al-Fiṭr and ʿĪd al-Aḍḥā, during which there are special prayers held at mosques in the morning.
The average period for which territories are held is four months for singletons, seven-and-a-half months for pairs, and 22 months for trios.
Marinade is prepared by the mixture of half a cup of olive oil, three onions, garlic, half teaspoon saffron, salt and black pepper.
Three major urban agglomerations are located in the valleys between these four elevations: Toluca, Greater Mexico City and Puebla.
To the extent that women and men with disabilities are gendered, the interactions of these two identities lead to different experiences.
Thinner rope is made from three strands of yarn plaited together, and thicker rope from three strands of thinner rope plaited together.
The right lung has three lobes and the left has two.
This idea began to appear around the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, and became stronger over time, according to one view.
They produced a mean of 1.4 litters per year, but a maximum of three litters in a year.
Teams compete against the other teams from their countries on the first day of competition and the top three teams from each country in each division continue to finals.
Men are usually divided into four groups: countertenor, tenor, baritone, and bass.
At six months of age, this incidence was 40%, and at nine months it was 44%.
The two people could be pulling against each other as in tug of war or the two people could be pulling in the same direction.
Depending on the profession, they may work for three to four days a week in the company and then spend one or two days at a vocational school .
The main part of the story consists of three parallel storylines, one for each of these factions, all of which are perspectives of the bigger story.
There were only three randomized controlled trials for the use of plants for burns, two for aloe vera and one for oatmeal.
The muscles of the back can be divided into three distinct groups
At the next Olympic Games, in Paris, France, in 1924, the 'two hands' press and the 'two hands' snatch were added to the program, making a total of five lifts.
Strictly, maltodextrin is not classified as sugar as it contains more than two glucose molecules, although its structure is similar to maltose, a molecule composed of two joined glucose molecules.
Conventional deadlift: The deadlift can be broken down into three parts: The setup, the initial pull or drive, and the lockout.
The common bow consists of two half-knots tied one on top of the other, with the second half-knot looped in order to allow quick untying.
The sex of the offspring is determined by the temperature in the nest and is fixed within seven to 21 days of the start of incubation.
In addition, in fields such as the humanities and social sciences, mid-term and end of term examinations often require students to write a short essay in two or three hours.
They usually have three to four lanes in each direction, although there are two-lane carriageways at many expressway—expressway intersections and five-lane carriageways in some places.
Wolves in Yellowstone National Park are 3.6 times more likely to attack individual male elk without antlers, or groups of elk in which at least one male is without antlers.
Maltodextrin is an easily digestible synthetic polysaccharide consisting of short chains of three or more glucose molecules and is made by the partial hydrolysis of starch.
The location of the Super Bowl is chosen at a meeting of all NFL team owners, usually three to five years prior to the event.
Patients with Addison's disease, pituitary insufficiency, or cystic fibrosis sometimes have a hyper-sensitivity to the five primary tastes.
From the early days of the Republic, ten years of military service were a citizen's duty and a prerequisite for election to public office.
Since its inception the competition has been dominated primarily by the Australian and New Zealand teams, which hold ten and four titles, respectively.
Licenses are expensive, often hundreds of thousands of dollars for one series and tens of thousands for one movie.
In some cultures it is common to breastfeed children for three to five years, and the period may be longer.
In the United Kingdom, cathedrals generally only have one aisle on each side, with Chichester Cathedral, Elgin Cathedral and St Mary Magdalene, Taunton being the only three exceptions.
Most businesses and investments are well known to have a 90 to 95 percent failure rate within the first five years of operation.
Several languages employ different ways to refer to people where there are three or more genders, such as Navajo or Ojibwe.
There are two types of remote sensing instruments—passive and active.
They also feared Hel, the goddess of the kingdom of the dead, whose skin was black on one side and red on the other.
Some of these tunnels were equipped with lighting, ventilation, telephones, drainage pumps, hydraulic elevators, and in at least one instance, an electrified rail transport system.
As is true with most other sports, only one goaltender is allowed to be on the playing area for each team at any one time.
The average chicken may live for five to ten years, depending on the breed.
An ischemic stroke, if detected within three to four and half hours, may be treatable with a medication that can break down the clot.
After implantation, around the second to third week the developing embryo consists of three layers: endoderm, mesoderm and ectoderm.
Diptera go through a complete metamorphosis with four distinct life stages – egg, larva, pupa and adult.
Because DNA contains four nucleotides, the total number of possible codons is 64
Teams consist of fifteen players: a goalkeeper, three full backs, three half backs, two midfielders, three half forwards and three full forwards .
The nation has provided 100,000 military and police personnel to serve in 35 UN peacekeeping operations across four continents.
By the end of the 16th century three European species had been cited: F. vesca, F. moschata, and F. viridis.
Another study showed that 28.3% of Bosnian refugee women had symptoms of PTSD three or four years after their arrival in Sweden.
Most service providers have four basic types of information about their users that may be relevant to a criminal investigation
Time is often referred to as a fourth dimension, along with three spatial dimensions.
Five billion camera phones were sold in five years, and by 2007 more than half of the installed base of all mobile phones were camera phones.
Semi-automatic pistols have a single fixed firing-chamber machined into the rear of the barrel, and a magazine so they can be used to fire more than one round.
Most DNA molecules consist of two biopolymer strands coiled around each other to form a double helix.
This is a segregated path, with one lane for skaters and cyclists and the other for pedestrians.
Piedmont plateaus are bordered on one side by mountains and on the other by a plain or a sea.
For example, consider the problem of measuring the time it takes an object to fall a distance of one metre .
It follows that in a triangle where all angles have the same measure, all three sides have the same length, and such a triangle is therefore equilateral.
These eight elements, summing to over 98% of the crust by weight, are, in order of decreasing abundance: oxygen, silicon, aluminium, iron, magnesium, calcium, sodium and potassium.
Triregnum, also called the "tiara" or "triple crown", represents the pope's three functions as "supreme pastor", "supreme teacher" and "supreme priest".
The Times newspaper reported on 25 September 2009 that in England and Wales the number of "military veterans in jail has more than doubled in six years".
The flow of a stream is controlled by three inputs - surface water, subsurface water and groundwater.
Otherwise, freeways typically have at least two lanes in each direction
Deep hole drilling is defined as drilling a hole of depth greater than ten times the diameter of the hole.
Under this definition, the Solar System is considered to have eight planets.
Before planting the cuttings, trees to support the vine must be planted at least three months before sowing the cuttings.
Ruminants, in particular, have a complex stomach, the first three chambers of which are all lined with oesophageal mucosa.
Its per capita income increased a stunning 21-fold over the last four decades, also lifting hundreds of millions out of income poverty.
Some early pedal tricycles from the late 19th century used two wheels in tandem on one side and a larger driving wheel on the other.
There are three main types of pillows
Females of some species mate with just one male but in others they may mate with as many as ten or more different males, storing the sperm in their spermathecae.
Elk calves are as large as an adult white-tailed deer by the time they are six months old.
There are usually three arteries, two to the left lung and one to the right, and they branch alongside the bronchi and bronchioles.
Most large roller coasters have the ability to run two or more trains at once, and the block system prevents these trains from colliding.
Another estimate puts the amount of pollution from a lawn mower at four times the amount from a car, per hour, although this report is no longer available.
Chemical reactions led to the first self-replicating molecules about four billion years ago.
The tower must also take at least one photograph of the vehicle and record the time and date of the photograph.
The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has determined that belted passengers are about four times more likely to survive in rollover crashes.
In practical terms, one begins with an initial guess as to the expected value of a quantity, and then, using various methods and instruments, reduces the uncertainty in the value.
The first two bungalows in England were built in Westgate-on-Sea in 1869 or 1870.
While there was little doubt that Taylor had solidly won the first three quarters of the fight, the question at hand was whether he would survive the final quarter.
On August 31, 2002, an Israeli Apache helicopter fired four Hellfire missiles at a civilian car suspected of carrying a local al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades commander and a nearby home.
The use of objects as weapons has been observed among chimpanzees, leading to speculation that early hominids used weapons as early as five million years ago.
In Western Christianity, Eastertide, or the Easter Season, begins on Easter Sunday and lasts seven weeks, ending with the coming of the 50th day, Pentecost Sunday.
For instance, the English word "unexpected" can be analyzed as being composed of the three morphemes "un-", "expect" and "-ed".
Researchers have used three general approaches to understanding identity development: self-concept, sense of identity, and self-esteem.
It consists of a mixture of three powdered salts: sodium, potassium and barium chloride.
Precipitation can be divided into three categories, based on whether it falls as liquid water, liquid water that freezes on contact with the surface, or ice.
There are three ways that an individual could become a registered nurse in Japan.
The stores focus on three of Walmart's major sales categories: groceries, which account for about 55 percent of the company's revenue, pharmacy, and, at some stores, fuel.
In Eastern Orthodox funerals, the coffins are reopened just before burial to allow mourners to look at the deceased one last time and give their final farewells.
In much of continental Europe, the term school usually applies to primary education, with primary schools that last between four and nine years, depending on the country.
This holiday was created in the seventh century and was assigned to a date that is nine months before Christmas, in addition to being the traditional date of the equinox.
However, the five species of monotreme, the platypus and the four species of echidna, lay eggs.
It could take somewhere between twenty minutes and two hours for dust mites to settle back down out of the air.
In civil cases, a verdict may be reached by a majority of nine of the twelve members.
Pastoralists live a nomadic life, moving their herds from one pasture to another.
These two disks, the medial meniscus and the lateral meniscus, consist of connective tissue with extensive collagen fibers containing cartilage-like cells.
The average person has three to five dreams per night, and some may have up to seven
The back-to-back victories heralded a change in momentum in which AFC teams would win nine out of 12 Super Bowls.
A triangle that has two angles with the same measure also has two sides with the same length, and therefore it is an isosceles triangle.
The popular claim that "a person should consume eight glasses of water per day" seems to have no real basis in science.
The Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC has three video games on permanent display: Pac-Man, Dragon's Lair, and Pong.
The record number of points scored in one NBA game by a single player, set by Wilt Chamberlain of the Philadelphia Warriors on March 2, 1962.
In the early 19th century, there were two different uses for the term cup cake or cupcake.
Games are overseen by one to three field umpires, two to four boundary umpires, and two goal umpires.
With state-of-the-art machinery it is easy to have a simple, single item complete in under ten minutes.
In addition, six kindergartens are located in the city, and have a total of 620 pupils.
It is common for one variety of rice to rise in price while another one drops in price.
All modern mammals give birth to live young, except the five species of monotremes, which are egg-laying mammals.
During general play, a player with the ball can hold on to it for only three seconds before shooting for a goal or passing to another player.
The bureau defines a Metropolitan Statistical Area as "at least one urbanized area of 50,000 or more inhabitants."
In the fifth century BC, Empedocles postulated that everything was composed of four elements
Mobile robots are the focus of a great deal of current research and almost every major university has one or more labs that focus on mobile robot research.
Two-thirds of all refugees around the world have been displaced for over three years, which is known as being in 'protracted displacement'.
The visual ability to perceive the world in three dimensions is called depth perception.
However, the United Nations Children's Fund , Joint United Nations Programme on HIV and AIDS , and other groups label any child who has lost one parent as an orphan.
By rotating their garden plots, horticulturists can stay in one area for a fairly long period of time.
Shipments of RVs to dealers have fallen 22% percent in the first five months of 2018, compared to the same period last year, after dropping 4% in 2018.
However, in the case of three or more candidates, each negative vote for a candidate counts positively towards all of the other candidates.
There are three types of therapy dogs: facility therapy dogs, animal-assisted therapy dogs, and therapeutic visitation dogs.
They become sexually mature at approximately six months and the average life span is seven to 10 years.
The ground surface or water on one side of a retaining wall is typically higher than on the other side.
This competition has usually been dominated by the United States, whose team has won all but three titles.
The typical form of metamorphosis in beetles passes through four main stages: the egg, the larva, the pupa, and the imago or adult.
In the two major extinction events that occurred during the late Devonian and late Permian, the blastoids were wiped out and only a few species of crinoids survived.
The family Rhinocerotidae consists of only four extant genera: Ceratotherium , Diceros , Dicerorhinus , and Rhinoceros .
Software is written in one or more programming languages
The American Academy of Sleep Medicine divides NREM into three stages: N1, N2, and N3, the last of which is also called delta sleep or slow-wave sleep.
This meaning has evolved over time, and now a red carnation may be worn if one's mother is alive, and a white one if she has died.
India hosts more than five hundred wildlife sanctuaries and thirteen biosphere reserves, four of which are part of the World Network of Biosphere Reserves
Preschool in three cultures: Japan, China, and the United States.
A cherry tree will take three to four years once it is planted in the orchard to produce its first crop of fruit, and seven years to attain full maturity.
The appliance looks similar to a regular toaster, except that there are two slots in the middle for hot dogs, and two slots on the outside for toasting the buns.
In 2007, one study of amateur boxers showed that protective headgear did not prevent brain damage, and another found that amateur boxers faced a high risk of brain damage.
As burn wounds are prone to infection, a tetanus booster shot should be given if an individual has not been immunized within the last five years.
In 2000, the Department of Conservation set up five kiwi sanctuaries focused on developing methods to protect kiwi and to increase their numbers.
The left fielder is part of a group of two other fielders that make up the outfield.
The total rescue effort involved numerous volunteers and local agencies plus at least ten major state and federal agencies from the U.S. Army to the National Park Service.
The United States has lost five million manufacturing jobs since 2000.
There are two types of instruments used for electric viola: regular acoustic violas fitted with a piezoelectric pickup and specialized electric violas, which have little or no body.
Resultantly, advanced care paramedics in Ontario will require a minimum of four years of post-secondary education and critical care paramedics will require five years of post-secondary education.
A book by two eminent sociologists, one American and the other Dutch.
The Achilles tendon is the muscle tendon of the triceps surae, a "three-headed" group of muscles—the soleus and the two heads of the gastrocnemius.
The main tension between fisheries science and the fishing industry is that the two groups have different views on the resiliency of fisheries to intensive fishing.
For example, it is estimated that life expectancy has increased for Americans by thirty years since 1900, and worldwide by six years since 1990.
Undergraduate university degrees in music, including the Bachelor of Music, the Bachelor of Music Education, and the Bachelor of Arts typically take about four years to complete.
There are four main types of disease: infectious diseases, deficiency diseases, hereditary diseases , and physiological diseases.
In 2013, a fourteen-year-old boy in Lincoln had his right arm broken and his head stamped on by three men who attacked him "just because he had red hair".
One viewpoint on this question is that cause and effect are of one and the same kind of entity, with causality an asymmetric relation between them.
While the polar bear is mostly carnivorous, and the giant panda feeds almost entirely on bamboo, the remaining six species are omnivorous with varied diets.
Fish, in contrast, have two chambers, an atrium and a ventricle, while reptiles have three chambers.
By 2001, two London boroughs — Newham and Brent — had "minority majority" populations, and most parts of the city tend to have a diverse population.
The data was stored on unencrypted hard drives and included bank account numbers, employee names, the last four digits of their social security numbers, salaries, bonuses, and equity details.
Ideally, the time, place, and cause of a loss should be clear enough that a reasonable person, with sufficient information, could objectively verify all three elements.
Most bindings are attached to the board with three or four screws that are placed in the center of the binding.
Bagels can be frozen for up to six months.
It was made in the winter, by hand, and aged for two years.
If this process is completed very slowly, then one bubble can be emitted from the orifice at a time as shown in the picture below.
When consumed, the apple's astringency is sometimes removed by steaming the fruit for five minutes before washing it in cold water.
For college, the NBA, and many high schools, there are a total of three referees on the court.
In the first three days of the eight-day competition, 15 world records were set.
To date, there are five different types of taste these receptors can detect which are recognized: salt, sweet, sour, bitter, and umami.
A scale with five notes per octave is called a pentatonic scale.
Black tie is traditionally worn only after six o'clock in the evening, or after sundown during winter months.
In chemistry, a mixture is a material made up of two or more different substances which are physically combined.
Taiwan has an extensive road network that includes two types of controlled-access highway: freeways and expressways.
Consequently, they are conserved by three main methods: in vivo , in vitro , and by cryopreservation .
Russia also operates three Slava-class cruisers and one Admiral Kuznetsov-class carrier which is officially designated as a cruiser.
His research findings led him to classify six emotions as basic: anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness and surprise.
When the first Asus Eee PC sold over 300,000 units in four months, companies such as Dell and Acer took note and began producing their own inexpensive netbooks.
For example, in a series of coin tosses, a perfectly ordered system would be one in which either every toss comes up heads or every toss comes up tails.
With the current methodology, the lowest rating is three stars, the highest being five stars.
Parking on one or both sides of a road is often permitted, though sometimes with restrictions.
Cartilage is classified in three types, elastic cartilage, hyaline cartilage and fibrocartilage, which differ in the relative amounts of these three main components.
The consistency of hair can almost always be grouped into three categories: fine, medium, and coarse.
As with building codes, fire protection authorities often set a limit on the number of people that can occupy a space at one time.
As of 2003, the packaging sector accounted for about two percent of the gross national product in developed countries.
Super Bowl XVI still ranks fourth on Nielsen's list of top-rated programs of all time, and three other Super Bowls, XII, XVII, and XX, made the top ten.
Feathers and scales are made up of two distinct forms of keratin, and it was long thought that each type of keratin was exclusive to each skin structure .
The project was anticipated to be complete in four years, but it took nine.
Mascara has a shelf life of two to four months.
Others retreat to caves for winter and hibernate for as much as six months.
This can occur in three main ways.
The reason for this is not understood, but there are two major families of superconducting ceramics.
On any day in the late 19th century, six million oysters could be found on barges tied up along the city's waterfront.
Nursery children who are three years old are referred to as ante-pre-school whilst children who are four years old are termed pre-school.
Cows reach sexual maturity at five to six years and have a gestation period of eight months.
Many of the earlier public schools in the United States and elsewhere were one-room schools where a single teacher taught seven grades of boys and girls in the same classroom.
The original promotion play-offs divided the eight teams into two groups of four each, with the teams within each group playing a home-and-away mini-league.
Despite women being in law enforcement for over one hundred years, they are still faced with discrimination and harassment.
In 2012 the four largest brewing companies controlled 50% of the market The biggest brewery in the world is the Belgian-Brazilian company Anheuser-Busch InBev.
In most states, children are required to attend school from the age of six or seven until they turn 18
This is because Earth's apparent diameter from the viewpoint of the Moon is nearly four times that of the Sun.
Generally, there are three buttons: UP, RUN, and DOWN.
A coup d'état is considered successful when the usurpers seize and hold power for at least seven days.
During the 1st and 2nd century, the week of seven days was introduced into Rome from Egypt, and the Roman names of the planets were given to each successive day.
A simple, effective way of killing microorganisms is to bring the water to a full boil for one to three minutes, depending on location.
Most lionesses reproduce by the time they are four years of age.
However, three of the four novels in that collection – Roadwork, The Long Walk, and The Running Man – have since been reprinted as standalone titles.
There are also three other ligaments attaching the lesser tubercle of the humerus to lateral scapula and are collectively called the glenohumeral ligaments.
During fetal life, the primitive gut is gradually patterned into three segments: foregut, midgut, and hindgut.
The material consists of two layers: a top layer made of PVC, which has a specific structure depending on the vehicle model, and a lower layer made of fabric .
Each team consists of seven players on court and seven substitute players on the bench.
The first three rounds determine which team from each conference will advance to the final round, dubbed the Gagarin Cup Finals.
Around one in five Sun-like stars is thought to have an Earth-sized planet in its habitable zone.
Many houses in North America have at least two bedrooms—usually a master bedroom and one or more bedrooms for either the children or guests.
Many local and national news organizations such as Dallas station WFAA-TV and CBS News provided continuous coverage of the events and aftermath for five days.
The two main aspects of identity development are self-clarity and self-esteem.
The Christmas Tree has six lights: a blue staging light, three amber lights, a green light and a red light.
Advertising has gone through five major stages of development: domestic, export, international, multi-national, and global.
The lifespan of kangaroos averages at six years in the wild to in excess of 20 years in captivity, varying by species.
Effective branding can result in higher sales of not only one product, but of other products associated with that brand.
There are three sprinting events which are currently held at the Olympics and outdoor World Championships: the 100 metres, 200 metres, and 400 metres.
A variety of compounds have been used over the past two millennia for their abilities to create pleasant aromas or eliminate unpleasant odors.
These four layers serve to connect the social world on the one hand with the physical or technical world on the other.
The two terms are used interchangeably in Canada.
Amateur rocketry is split into three categories according to total engine impulse: low-power, mid-power, and high-power.
This is almost four times the previous record of 352 made in Pembrokeshire, Wales, on June 6, 2015.
The classification into such classes is in the tradition of Dionysius Thrax, who distinguished eight categories: noun, verb, adjective, pronoun, preposition, adverb, conjunction and interjection.
In most cases the states have reciprocity agreements so that once an individual becomes licensed in one state can also become licensed in other states with relative ease.
In male embryos at six to seven weeks' gestation, "the expression of a gene on the Y chromosome induces changes that result in the development of the testes".
The Commune lasted for two months before it was crushed by the French Army, with much bloodshed.
The church in Wales was disestablished in 1920 and is made up of six dioceses.
Like other cephalopods, the octopus is bilaterally symmetric with two eyes and a beak, with its mouth at the center point of the eight limbs .
Most cars are designed to carry multiple occupants, often with four or five seats.
The US built cruisers in quantity through the end of the war, notably 14 Baltimore-class heavy cruisers and 27 Cleveland-class light cruisers, along with eight Atlanta-class anti-aircraft cruisers.
After the discovery of pheromones in 1959, alarm pheromones were first described in 1968 in ants and earthworms, and four years later also found in mammals, both mice and rats.
The three largest major carriers and Southwest Airlines control 70% of the U.S. passenger market.
Some are very short, only ten miles, while others can be up to one hundred miles.
Within twenty-four hours about six thousand soldiers and officers were moved to the front.
In this same period, the Buffalo Bills had made their mark reaching the Super Bowl for a record four consecutive years, only to lose all four.
Except for three species in South America, all Helianthus species are native to North America and Central America.
On 15 October 2013, the US Navy announced that two of the smaller Virginia-class attack submarines, USS Virginia and USS Minnesota, would have female crew-members by January 2015.
Thus we "make up our minds," "change our minds" or are "of two minds" about something.
Manhattan has three public heliports: the East 34th Street Heliport at East 34th Street, owned by New York City and run by the New York City Economic Development Corporation
Each team is allowed seven players on the court.
Among the D.C. mayor and the five territorial governors, there are two Republicans, one Democrat, one New Progressive, and two Independents.
The two strands of DNA run in opposite directions to each other and are therefore anti-parallel.
Over the next five years, the institute conducted experiments to improve the process of electrophotography.
The three most influential forms of the pragmatic theory of truth were introduced around the turn of the 20th century by Charles Sanders Peirce, William James, and John Dewey.
The bloodless animals were also divided into five groups: cephalopods, crustaceans, insects , shelled animals , and "zoophytes" .
In unhomogenized cow's milk, the fat globules have an average diameter of two to four micrometers and with homogenization, average around 0.4 micrometers.
Walmart's operations are organized into four divisions: Walmart U.S., Walmart International, Sam's Club and Global eCommerce.
Of the two surviving species, the American bison, B. bison, found only in North America, is the more numerous.
Antonio Carbajal was the first player to appear in five World Cups, and Hugo Sánchez was named best CONCACAF player of the 20th century by IFFHS.
Another version of "Killer" is a "knock-out" game for three or more players .
The applicant must nominate two referees who are known to the applicant to vouch for his or her character
These three vehicles formed the bulk of the armoured forces of NATO and the Warsaw Pact throughout much of the Cold War.
Women in the UK change their bra size on average six times over their lifetimes.
When blood is drawn in a glass container and left undisturbed for about an hour, four different layers can be seen.
Legally, domestic helpers are only entitled to ten hours of free time in 24 hours, and one day off per week.
By the end of its production in April 2017, Nintendo shipped over two million units.
They faced the Boston Bruins in the First Round and lost in seven games.
When the league expanded to 10 teams beginning in 2009–10, the finals expanded to six teams.
Prairie in North America is usually split into three groups: wet, mesic, and dry.
The population density is 5,177 inhabitants per square kilometre , more than ten times that of any other British region.
One in five teen girls surveyed —and 11 percent of teen girls aged 13–16 years old—say they have electronically sent, or posted online, nude or semi-nude images of themselves.
The Buffalo Bills played in a record four Super Bowls in a row but lost every one.
Peanut production in the United States is divided into three major areas: the southeastern United States region which includes Alabama, Georgia, and Florida
The main one being open-air burial, and the others being cremation and embalming.
During The Troubles in Northern Ireland, London was subjected to bombing attacks by the Provisional Irish Republican Army for two decades, starting with the Old Bailey bombing in 1973.
In the last two decades there has been a decline in the number of launderettes, to approximately 3000 nationally.
Employers must also certify that each operator has received the training and evaluate each operator at least once every three years.
Her father, assisted by the family physician, removed her from her tomb two months after her death, cut out her heart and burned it to ashes.
When used in combination, Pseudomonas fluorescens and Sphingomonas can degrade over 40% of the weight of plastic bags in less than three months.
This ellipse has the greatest area of any ellipse tangent to all three sides of the triangle.
The burns were so severe she required amputation of both her thumbs and six of her fingers.
Skunk spray is composed mainly of three low-molecular-weight thiol compounds, -2-butene-1-thiol, 3-methyl-1-butanethiol, and 2-quinolinemethanethiol, as well as acetate thioesters of these.
Frogs from temperate climates hibernate during the winter, and four species are known to be able to withstand freezing during this time, including the wood frog .
The estimate is about eight times higher than previous estimates, and is based on tree densities measured on over 400,000 plots.
On at least two occasions, they made the playoffs with the worst winning percentages on record for a playoff team.
There is much confusion over the term "cologne", which has three meanings.
Or, if the liquid is two or three times as dense, the liquid pressure is correspondingly two or three times as great for any given depth.
No two fighters' styles are alike, as each is determined by that individual's physical and mental attributes.
These courses can last between one and three years.
Rattlesnakes, like other members of the Squamata order, contain a circulatory system that is powered by a three-chambered heart composed of two atria and one ventricle.
Employees in California are entitled to double-time for working more than twelve hour workdays or more than eight hours on the seventh consecutive workday of a single workweek.
If the batter reaches four balls, the batter is awarded the first base in what is known as a "walk".
The two characters were featured side-by-side as the stars of World's Finest Comics, which was originally titled World's Best Comics when it debuted in fall 1940.
It occupied two buildings on the Boulevard des Philosophes, a few blocks away from the main campus of the University of Geneva.
Japan initially received 400,000 Wii consoles, and sold an estimated 372,000 units in two days, with Wii Sports and Wii Play being the best-selling games.
The franchise's first head coach was Dick Carroll, who coached the team for two seasons.
Syrian hamsters typically live no more than two to three years in captivity, and less in the wild.
In an active four-wheel steering system, all four wheels turn at the same time when the driver steers.
Blacks committed 52.5% of all homicides during that span, at a rate almost eight times that of whites , and were victimized at a rate six times that of whites.
From the late 18th century, some geographers started to regard North America and South America as two parts of the world, making five parts in total.
These lists of the top five eagles are based on weight, length, and wingspan, respectively.
Each of the major fountains was connected to two different aqueducts, in case one was shut down for service.
It is a common misconception that graves must be dug to a depth of six feet .
But the CVC also requires trucks to stay in the right lane, or in the right two lanes if the roadway has four or more lanes going in their direction.
Most deep-sea mariners are hired for one or more voyages that last for several months.
There may also be shorter bulletins at the bottom of the hour, or three at 15-minute intervals, or two at 20-minute intervals.
A study of 80 pairs of monozygotic twins ranging in age from three to 74 showed that the youngest twins have relatively few epigenetic differences.
This will often be the third-place team, but if the winner of the Bulgarian Cup is in the top three of the playoff, the fourth-place team will take its place.
The other three corners of the square, in counterclockwise order from home plate, are called first, second, and third base.
In July, a US$1 billion suit was filed against the company alleging that it permitted Hamas to use it to perform assaults that cost the lives of four people.
Teasers are used to get patrons excited about a film coming out in the next six to twelve months.
In hyperbolic geometry, a hyperbolic rectangle is a figure in the hyperbolic plane whose four edges are hyperbolic arcs which meet at equal angles less than 90°.
The wall at the base is a dirt parapet that varies in thickness from one to four or more feet and in height from three to twelve feet.
The three main French brewing regions are Alsace , Nord-Pas-de-Calais and Lorraine.
Polygamy is a marriage which includes more than two partners.
E.g.: "It's about three o'clock."
Due to the eccentricity of the lunar orbit around Earth , the length of a synodic month can vary by up to seven hours.
Swiss passports are in five languages: German, French, Italian, Romansh and English.
The gazelles are divided into three genera and numerous species.
Rabbits lungs are divided into four lobes: the cranial, middle, caudal, and accessory lobes.
For most games, four to seven riffle shuffles are sufficient: for unsuited games such as blackjack, four riffle shuffles are sufficient, while for suited games, seven riffle shuffles are necessary.
A threesome is a form of group sex, but involving only three people.
In the men's division eight to ten national teams compete for the European championship, with the Czech Republic, the Netherlands and Denmark leading the way.
The range of the two species is separated by the Congo River and its tributaries.
Over the last three decades, automobile factories have become dominated by robots.
The cow finds a secluded spot to give birth, but the calf is able to walk within about ten minutes of birth, and the pair soon rejoin the herd.
Noctilucent clouds are the highest in the atmosphere and form near the top of the mesosphere at about ten times the altitude of tropospheric high clouds.
However, the first "garden apartment" buildings in New York, USA, built in the early 1900s, were constructed five stories high.
However, the distinction between high relief and low relief is the clearest and most important, and these two are generally the only terms used to discuss most work.
It was said to have a pair of golden horns, a red belly, three eyes on each side of its torso, and a carp-like tail end.
These dumplings are formed by putting milk, one teaspoon at a time, into a dry flour mixture.
Most people will recover completely in about one to two weeks, but others will develop life-threatening complications .
As a result, Pepsi's market share as compared to Coca-Cola's shot up dramatically in the 1950s with African American soft-drink consumers three times more likely to purchase Pepsi over Coke.
A country of a thousand chariots ranked as a medium country, and a country of ten thousand chariots ranked as a huge and powerful country.
Major League Lacrosse is a semi-professional field lacrosse league started in 2001 with six teams in the Northeastern United States.
Thus a collection of two lines is a couplet , three lines a triplet , four lines a quatrain, and so on.
The age of understanding seems to be around ten years old.
A lack of edema or erythema in the area of the bite after eight hours indicates a lack of envenomation for most rattlesnake bites.
Tulane Stadium, on the Tulane University campus, which hosted three Super Bowls, was demolished in November 1979
The origins and evolutionary relationships between the three main groups of amphibians are hotly debated.
At the start of the 1970s, hand-held electronic calculators were very costly, at two or three weeks' wages, and so were a luxury item.
Two triangles are said to be similar if every angle of one triangle has the same measure as the corresponding angle in the other triangle.
Around six months later, it unveiled a new slogan: "Saving people money so they can live better lives".
There are three main varieties of cucumber: slicing, pickling, and seedless.
Bricklayers usually go through a formal apprenticeship which includes about three to four years of on-the-job training combined with classroom instruction.
As a main dish three to six pairs are served on a pewter plate with either sauerkraut or potato salad, and accompanied by a dollop of horseradish or mustard.
Only three randomized controlled trials, however, have been done for the treatment of burns.
He also appeared in one episode of Disney's House of Mouse and in two episodes of Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.
Football is governed internationally by the International Federation of Association Football , which organises World Cups for both men and women every four years.
The "id", "ego" and "super-ego" are the three parts of the "psychic apparatus" defined in Sigmund Freud's structural model of the psyche
The top two teams in each group advanced to a knockout phase.
Typical business-to-business applications are telematics and Machine-to-Machine, in which two applications automatically communicate with each other.
Normally, this soreness becomes most apparent a day or two after a workout.
They reach sexual maturity in five to eight years.
The term is derived from the 16th-century Portuguese and Spanish word coco, meaning 'head' or 'skull' after the three indentations on the coconut shell that resemble facial features.
There are only three orphanages in the whole country providing places for a total of 1,000 of these children."
In the five million years since the lineages leading to modern humans and chimpanzees split, only about 1.2% of their genetic material has been modified.
Due to time zones and daylight saving time, this is not necessarily at 12 noon, but often one to two hours later.
Tom Brady would receive a record sixth Super Bowl championship, the most of any player in NFL history, surpassing his tie with Charles Haley for five wins.
Insects can also adapt their gait to cope with the loss of one or more limbs.
At this time, the other three legs are off the ground.
Around ten thousand years ago, humans developed agriculture, which substantially altered their diet.
In the United States, blue sapphire tends to be the most popular and most affordable of the three major precious gemstones .
It consists of four bodies: the working body, the hot reservoir, the cold reservoir, and the work reservoir.
Each team has three members, each of whom is named according to their team and speaking position within his/her team.
Infants begin to break contact with their mothers after five months, but only for a brief period each time.
International laws require any whisky bearing the label "Scotch" to be distilled and matured in Scotland for a minimum of three years and one day in oak casks.
Many scholars of Jewish mysticism, particularly of the Kabbalah, describe seven "compartments" or "habitations" of Hell, just as they describe seven divisions of Heaven.
Lipovitellin-1 contains two chains, LV1N and LV1C.Yolks hold more than 90% of the calcium, iron, phosphorus, zinc, thiamine, vitamin B6, folate, vitamin B12, and pantothenic acid of the egg.
In the U.S. of the 1930s, one farmer could only produce enough food to feed three other consumers.
He also noted that two forests had been established in the area by the Jewish National Fund and the Center for European Jewry.
A typical transverse double ocarina plays two octaves plus a minor third, and a transverse triple ocarina usually plays with a range of about two octaves plus a minor seventh.
Receptor cells can be classified into types on the basis of three different criteria: cell type, position, and function.
Shops, supermarkets and shopping centres are open seven days a week and on most public holidays. '
Whilst Judaism, Christianity and Islam are commonly seen as the three Abrahamic faiths, there are smaller and newer traditions which lay claim to the designation as well.
Connick had success on the pop charts after recording the soundtrack to the movie When Harry Met Sally, which sold over two million copies.
For example, elections are held every three years for half the membership of the Senate of the Philippines, the term of a senator being six years.
Apprenticeships can be divided into two main categories: Independent and Cooperative.
Superficial burns cause pain lasting two or three days, followed by peeling of the skin over the next few days.
Timers can be categorized into two main types.
Once surgery has occurred, six to eight months are needed before the quality of new hair can be assessed.
In 2003, Gillingham proposed replacing the current play-off system with one involving six clubs from each division and replacing the two-legged ties with one-off matches.
Humans also frequently speak more than one language, acquiring their first language or languages as children, or learning new languages as they grow up.
Rattlesnakes generally take several years to mature, and females usually reproduce only once every three years.
Athletes from the US, Mexico and Canada competed freely in all three countries.
All of the Advent wreaths, however, have four candles, and many of them have a white candle in the centre, the Christ candle, which is lit on Christmas Day.
Such markers can last for two to three weeks, and are typically placed near rocks, boulders, trees, or the skeletons of large animals.
For example, if the player were on ball two and they earn an extra ball, the next ball will still be counted as ball two instead of the third ball.
God in Sufism is referred to in three main terms, which are the Lover, Loved, and Beloved, with the last of these terms being often seen in Sufi poetry.
If it extends all the way to the beginning of the line, so that there are two lines that sound very similar or identical, it is called a holorhyme .
A typical ice hockey team may have two or three goaltenders on its roster.
There are three variables to consider in racing: brake pedal displacement, brake pedal force, and vehicle deceleration.
This was after London's Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea did so and found that the rate of injury to pedestrians decreased three times faster than elsewhere in the city.
They are often referred to as "dings" and usually have three legs, but in some usages have four legs.
The two oldest known examples are made of stone, were found in Africa and Asia, and are several hundred thousand years old.
A study examining data collected over four decades found that polar bears, lions, tigers and cheetahs show evidence of stress in captivity.
E.g., if one user buys a phone, no other user can buy that phone.
The five leading exporters of cotton in 2019 are India, the United States, China, Brazil, and Pakistan.
Two steam-powered steering engines were installed, though only one was used at any one time, with the other one kept in reserve.
Each of these three platoons is divided into sections.
There are 12 cadet colleges in Bangladesh, nine for men and three for women.
The great white pelican also belonged to this lineage, but was the first to diverge from the common ancestor of the other four species.
Historically, nonprofit boards have often had large boards with up to twenty-four members, but a modern trend is to have smaller boards as small as six or seven people.
In every triangle a unique circle, called the incircle, can be inscribed such that it is tangent to each of the three sides of the triangle.
Most species' populations are more or less stable, although three are classified by the IUCN as being at risk.
Stencils can be made with one or many colour layers using different techniques, with most stencils designed to be applied as solid colours.
The tapir is a special case, having three toes on each hind foot and four toes on each front foot.
For example, in one study of the faeces of nine adults, only five of the samples contained archaea capable of producing methane.
From 1920 to 1930, Tilden won singles titles at Wimbledon three times and the U.S. Championships seven times.
Included among these are mild reactions to high intake, such as anxiety, insomnia, or hyperactivity in about 10% of children, according to one study.
But after firing six shots, the shooter had to take an excessive amount of time to reload.
If fewer than four innings have been played, the game is not considered a "regulation" game.
The energy saved by recycling reduces the annual energy consumption of the industry by about 75%, which is enough to power eighteen million homes for one year.
With ten seconds left, down 20-14, quarterback Ken Stabler fumbled the ball forward to avoid being sacked at the Chargers' 15-yard line.
Between three and four and a half hours the effects are less clear.
Jersey has only one newspaper, the Jersey Evening Post, which is printed six days a week, and has been in publication since 1890.
A game of chess can generally be loosely subdivided into three phases or stages of play: the opening, followed by the middlegame, then last the endgame.
The most important difference is that once a film is in the production phase, the marginal cost of one more shot is higher for animated films than live-action films.
Following numerous innovations in conga drumming and construction during the mid-20th century, as well as its internationalization, it became increasingly common for drummers to play two or three drums.
The two centuries that followed are known as the pax romana, a period of unprecedented peace, prosperity, and political stability in most of Europe.
The researchers attributed this to the fact that surfers swallow roughly ten times as much seawater as swimmers.
In some cuisines, the young bulbs are pickled for three to six weeks in a mixture of sugar, salt, and spices.
Chariots can be carried by two or more horses.
Males typically mate with multiple females every year, but females only mate every two to three years.
For ten centuries after the fall of the Roman Empire, lesbianism disappeared from literature.
Some computers employ a multi-core processor, which is a single chip containing two or more CPUs called "cores"
An early definition of the kilogram was set as the mass of one litre of water.
If two are used, they are placed symmetrically about the y-axis.
Typically there are four main groups of clay minerals: kaolinite, montmorillonite-smectite, illite, and chlorite.
In the Singapore Armed Forces , there are five different grades of sergeant: third sergeant , second sergeant , first sergeant , staff sergeant , and master sergeant .
There are two common forms of construction for tweezers: two fused, angled pieces of metal, or one piece of metal bent in half.
Technology has allowed humans to colonize six of the Earth's seven continents and adapt to virtually all climates.
Overtime periods are five minutes in length except for high school, which is four minutes in length.
From 2008 to 2010, General Motors closed four assembly plants that were producing SUVs and trucks.
The duration of the restriction varies from six months to until the driver is 18 years old.
A latch or a flip-flop is a circuit that has two stable states and can be used to store state information.
Corals and calcareous algae grow on top of one another and form a three-dimensional framework that is modified in various ways by other organisms and inorganic processes.
In 2008, the NCAA changed the minimum number of points needed to win any of the first four sets from 30 to 25 for women's volleyball
In some individual sports, "podiums" is an official statistic, referring to the number of top three results an athlete has achieved over the course of a season or career.
This approach serves two purposes: to limit overindulging in the cutting phase, and to allow for the consumption of large volumes of food during the bulking phase.
The olive tree and olive oil are mentioned seven times in the Quran, and the olive is praised as a precious fruit.
Bassett argued that roads should be classified into three basic types: highways, parkways, and freeways.
There is now agreement that there are two species, each with two subspecies.
In these models, the perception of time flowing in one direction is an artifact of the laws of thermodynamics .
The outer whorl has three sepals and the inner whorl has three petals.
Athenian comedy is conventionally divided into three periods, "Old Comedy", "Middle Comedy", and "New Comedy".
In Christianity, the doctrine of the Trinity describes God as one God in three divine Persons .
This position continued until the early 1980s when 30% of the workforce were employed by just five employers and 75% of manufacturing jobs were in four companies.
Approximately five percent of Hong Kong's population are FDWs, about 98.5% of them are women, performing household tasks such as cooking, serving, cleaning, dishwashing and child care.
It is aimed at 9- to 11-year-old girls and includes only five positions.
The FBI estimates that the four Italian organized crime groups active in the United States have 25,000 members in total.
As they reach three to four weeks old, the kittens are gradually weaned and begin to eat solid food, with weaning usually complete by six to eight weeks.
For humans, the World Health Organization recommends exclusive breastfeeding for six months and breastfeeding in addition to other food for up to two years of age or more.
It may be seen as one form of altruism for which there are several other evolutionary explanations as well.
There are seven wilderness areas in New Zealand as defined by the National Parks Act 1980 and the Conservation Act 1987 that fall well within the IUCN definition.
In 2010 five teams competed in two rounds of round robin matches in the Championship Division, while four teams competed in the Developmental Division.
From roughly the age of three to five years, a child's ability to speak or sign is refined to the point that it resembles adult language.
The Château de Chantilly, Versailles and Vaux-le-Vicomte, all three located near Paris, are also visitor attractions.
The two theories are not mutually exclusive and may be used to explain disparate events according to the circumstance.
This accreditation process is repeated once every five years.
The first two rounds are one-off knockout games, and the league semifinals & Finals are best-of-5 on a 2-2-1 basis.
The pharmaceutical sciences are further subdivided into several specific specialties, with four main branches:Pharmacology: the study of the biochemical and physiological effects of drugs on human beings.
Usually, an ox is over four years old due to the need for training and to allow it to grow to full size.
A blizzard is a severe snowstorm characterized by strong sustained winds of at least 56 km/h and lasting for a prolonged period of time—typically three hours or more.
In the United States, there are states which allow one to make these decisions for oneself if desired, for example by appointing an agent to carry out one's wishes
At the 2010 census, seven states had the minimum of one representative, while California, the most populous state, had 53.
About 200 million motorcycles, including mopeds, motor scooters, motorised bicycles, and other powered two and three-wheelers, are in use worldwide, or about 33 motorcycles per 1000 people.
The Negative One", the band's first song in six years, was released on August 1
On reception, children were sent to wet nurses in the countryside, where they stayed until they were about four or five years old.
The trial lasted three weeks and became a groundbreaking case regarding photojournalism and the role of paparazzi.
They had one to six kittens per litter, with an average of three kittens.
While nine innings has been the standard since the beginning of professional baseball, the duration of the average major league game has increased steadily through the years.
When it comes to financing a purchase of stocks there are two ways: purchasing stock with money that is currently in the buyer's ownership, or by buying stock on margin.
Length is the measure of one spatial dimension, whereas area is a measure of two dimensions and volume is a measure of three dimensions .
A normal game consists of four 15-minute quarters and can be played outdoors or in a covered stadium.
Through the first half of the 20th century, women wore underwear for three primary reasons: to alter their outward shape , for hygienic reasons and for modesty.
From 2005 until the final season of the BCS in 2013, the AP Poll operated independently from the BCS, and two other polls were part of the BCS formula.
However, if the players decide to play with only three bases, they are arguably playing a different game.
The African elephant has two finger-like extensions at the tip of the trunk that allow it to grasp and bring food to its mouth.
In 1904, three teams competed in the games held in St. Louis.
Between those two events, it had become clear that aircraft carriers were the new principal ships of the fleet and that battleships now performed a secondary role.
A player who is in possession of the ball may stand stationary for only three seconds, and may take only three steps.
The normal lifespan of a pillow is two to four years.
These cameras came in three editions: black, silver and white.
Research has indicated that this stage generally lasts from one and a half to three years.
Major west–east arterial Interstates increase in number from I-10 between Santa Monica, California, and Jacksonville, Florida, to I-90 between Seattle, Washington, and Boston, Massachusetts, with two exceptions.
Classical physics theories describe three physical dimensions: from a particular point in space, the basic directions in which we can move are up/down, left/right, and forward/backward.
According to a 2008 mental health study by the Associated Press and mtvU, eight in 10 college students said they had sometimes or frequently experienced stress in their daily lives.
The muscle is divided into three heads — the lateral head, long head, and medial head.
Located at the base of the femur is a set of discoidal spines, usually four in number, but ranging from none to as many as five depending on the species.
Recent DNA studies suggest that there are no more than three or four subspecies of elk.
If these allegiances come into conflict, he or she may be guilty of treason against one or both.
Hindu writers, theologians, and philosophers have distinguished nine forms of bhakti, which can be found in the Bhagavata Purana and works by Tulsidas.
A new battery typically stores enough energy to run the laptop for three to five hours, depending on usage, configuration, and power management settings.
Within six months, China shipped 30 million more bras to the two markets: 33 per cent more to the US and 63 per cent more to the EU.
Since the 1950s, raccoons have expanded their range from Vancouver Island—formerly the northernmost limit of their range—far into the northern portions of the four south-central Canadian provinces.
In one case DNA tests determined that a woman, mystifyingly, was not the mother of two of her three children
They open their eyes when they are six to 14 days old.
There are three common styles: full frame, half frame, and frameless.
The length of each movement is not fixed by the composer, but the total length of the combination of three movements is.
All three were involved in same-sex relationships, but their primary friendships were with gay men.
From the 2005–06 season on, only one team was relegated directly from the First Division, with the 17th team taking part in the playoff.
This test takes about two to three seconds.
The seed germinates in three to four days in moist conditions with soil temperatures between 65 and 85 °F .
Google received money from three other angel investors in 1998: Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos, Stanford University computer science professor David Cheriton, and entrepreneur Ram Shriram.
The opposing team must use a combination of no more than three contacts with the volleyball to return the ball to the opponent's side of the net.
The larvae grow through a series of four or five moults and enter the pupal stage.
Camels, sheep, goats, and cows may be offered as sacrifice during the three days of Eid.
The company also designed three new experimental stores with wind turbines, photovoltaic solar panels, biofuel-capable boilers, water-cooled refrigerators, and xeriscape gardens.
The three most common types of scanning probe microscopes are atomic force microscopes , near-field scanning optical microscopes , and scanning tunneling microscopes .
In Thoroughbred horse racing, a mare is defined as a female horse more than four years old.
In the past this train has included 2 cars with six doors on each side to shorten the time for passengers to get on and off at station.
The Leafs eventually lost in game seven 5–4.The Leafs had another strong season in 1993–94, starting the season on a 10-game winning streak, and finishing it with 98 points.
In his Paris Talks, `Abdu'l-Bahá described four types of love: the love that flows from God to human beings
Aside from the Native American, Native Hawaiian, and Native Alaskan populations, nearly all Americans or their ancestors settled or immigrated within the past five centuries.
The lift a wing generates at a given speed and angle of attack can be one to two orders of magnitude greater than the total drag on the wing.
Titanium dioxide and zinc oxide are two minerals that are used in sunblock.
Widely known as coffeehouses or cafés, establishments serving prepared coffee or other hot beverages have existed for over five hundred years.
In sexually dimorphic species, one sex may be more of a threat than the other, which could mimic the protected sex.
The very first celebration of Independence Day was in 1777, six years before Americans knew whether or not the new nation would survive the war
This was three years before the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club would hold its first championships at Wimbledon, in 1877.
This typically takes between ten and twenty minutes, with unconsciousness occurring within 6–15 seconds.
An alcoholic mixed drink that contains two or more ingredients is referred to as a cocktail.
When required, the knot can be readily loosened by pulling one or both of the loose ends.
In Canada, fruit jam is categorized into two types: fruit jam and fruit jam with pectin.
As of 2011, the top three tire manufacturing companies by revenue were Bridgestone , Michelin , Goodyear
The terms "hazard" and "risk" are often used interchangeably however, in terms of risk assessment, they are two very distinct terms.
Since January 2016, the name Burgundy has referred to a specific part of the French administrative region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, an entity comprising four departments: Côte-d'Or, Saône-et-Loire, Yonne, and Nièvre.
Most Scotch, Irish and Canadian whisky is sold as part of a blend, even when the spirits are the product of one distillery, as is common in Canada.
There are various Pokémon manga series, four of which were released in English by Viz Media, and seven of them released in English by Chuang Yi.
The rectus abdominis is enclosed in a thick sheath, formed as described above, by fibers from each of the three muscles of the lateral abdominal wall.
There were four divisions, or factiones, of charioteers, distinguished by the colour of their costumes: the red, blue, green and white teams.
Advancing maternal age and a woman's history of previous spontaneous abortions are the two leading factors associated with a greater risk of spontaneous abortion.
After 33 games, when every club has played every other club three times, the division is split into two halves.
Guardians are typically used in three situations: guardianship for an incapacitated senior , guardianship for a minor, and guardianship for developmentally disabled adults.
Until the advent of artillery and aircraft, battles were fought with the two sides within sight, if not reach, of each other.
It soon became clear that the ship was doomed, as she could not survive more than four compartments being flooded.
The five largest religious groups by world population, estimated to account for 5.8 billion people and 84% of the population, are Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism and traditional folk religion.
In the modern world, remnants of two major and distinct cowboy traditions remain, known today as the "Texas" tradition and the "Spanish", "Vaquero", or "California" tradition.
Many countries require rum to be aged for at least one year.
The southern one is called the Dome of the Pantokrator while the northern one is the Dome of the Theotokos.
Tomatoes were linked to seven Salmonella outbreaks between 1990 and 2005, and may have been the cause of a salmonellosis outbreak causing 172 illnesses in 18 US states in 2006.
In those books, Homer wrote that magic wands were used by three different gods, namely Hermes, Athena, and Circe.
The cough, however, may last for more than two weeks.
Some processes can also be used to make multipass welds, in which one weld is allowed to cool, and then another weld is performed on top of it.
Butterfly caterpillars have three pairs of true legs on the thoracic segments and up to six pairs of prolegs arising from the abdominal segments.
In local ballparks, there are often simply a set or two of aluminum bleachers on the first-base and third-base sides.
In addition to 20%–42% water, toothpastes are derived from a variety of components, the three main ones being abrasives, fluoride, and detergents.
Turkish Airlines, flag carrier of Turkey since 1933, was selected by Skytrax as Europe's best airline for five consecutive years in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Because A has only real components, there is at least one real eigenvalue, and the remaining two eigenvalues must be complex conjugates of each other .
This is the slowest of all gaits but also the safest in that three of the four points are in contact with the ground at any given time.
The Treaty of Rome in 1957 established the European Economic Community between six Western European states with the goal of a unified economic policy and common market.
Mechanics may be separated into two classes based on the type of machines they work on, heavyweight and lightweight.
The lacrosse stick has two parts, the head and the shaft.
On April 12, 2016, Zuckerberg outlined his 10-year vision, which rested on three main pillars: artificial intelligence, increased global connectivity and virtual/augmented reality.
A long term-study among US women found that about 99% of women felt that they made the right decision five years after they had an abortion.
There are three traditional types of igloos, all of different sizes and used for different purposes.
The female digs a hole in the center to lay her eggs, covers them, and then guards them for two months until they hatch.
This requirement was upheld by the Supreme Court in 1897, but the standard was relaxed in 1972 in two criminal cases.
Usually, the mother does not integrate herself and her cubs back into the pride until the cubs are six to eight weeks old.
Some species of starfish are able to reproduce asexually as adults either by fission of their central discs or by autotomy of one or more of their arms.
Therefore, compared to a terrestrial mammal of the same relative size, the bat's heart can be up to three times larger, and pump more blood.
In Canada, a rainfall rate greater than 50 millimetres in one hour, or 75 millimetres in three hours, is also used to indicate severe thunderstorms.
Depending on the conditions present in the atmosphere, each of these three stages take an average of 30 minutes.
In the French industrial city of Lille, with a population of 80,000 in 1858, the cabarets or taverns for the working class numbered 1300, or one for every three houses.
For example, in 2010 The New York Times published a short video featuring three young men from the Gaza Strip who were active members of the parkour community.
At least ten of those killed were shot by police or National Guard forces.
This is the case if one is right-handed and the watch is worn on the left wrist .
The activity of taxi fleets is usually monitored and controlled by a central office, which provides dispatching, accounting, and human resources services to one or more taxi companies.
The four extant species are the striped hyena , the brown hyena , the spotted hyena , and the aardwolf .
Boys were sent to a barracks at the age of seven or eight to train for becoming a soldier.
Ford will also introduce to North America six of its European small vehicles, including two versions of the Ford Fiesta, by the end of 2012.
He says they are related through "substitution", where one word, phrase, or symbol is substituted for another in order to change the meaning.
Originally an annual event, it is now held every four years, in between FIL's men's and women's championships.
Depending on the business, people work five days for max 8 hours per day, typically Monday to Friday, or six days for eight hours a day, Monday to Saturday.
There are three basic approaches to this: the "fishless cycle", the "silent cycle" and "slow growth".
The emperor penguin has a maximum feather density of about nine feathers per square centimeter which is actually much lower than other birds that live in antarctic environments.
Ancient Egyptian demons can be divided into two classes: "guardians" and "wanderers." "
In 1840, the second edition was published in two volumes.
A 2014 review found a 5% increase in the number of people living without disability at three to six months
No two humans—not even monozygotic twins—are genetically identical.
In March 2013, the Chinese government reported three cases of H7N9 influenza infections in humans.
The novelty of the design lay in the means by which it could be broken down into three pieces for stowage.
While aging in wooden casks, especially American oak and French oak casks, whisky undergoes six processes that contribute to its final flavor: extraction, evaporation, oxidation, concentration, filtration, and colouration.
In the case of the two genera with the highest reported number of bites, Loxosceles and Latrodectus, spider bites were not verified in over 90% of the reports.
The rotational motion of the blades is converted into thrust by creating a pressure difference between the two surfaces.
Fossil records suggest these two species diverged about one million years ago, resulting in a northern and a southern species.
The simplest and most common multi-star system is a binary star, but systems of three or more stars are also found.
In the United States, one in five mothers has children by different fathers
Most of the women who reported homosexual activity had not experienced it more than ten times.
In espresso-based drinks in America, particularly larger milk-based drinks, a drink with three or four shots of espresso will be called a "triple" or "quad", respectively.
Regarding foreign direct investment, a study found that the intra-eurozone FDI stocks have increased by about 20% during the first four years of the EMU.
Prices, in the first decade of the twentieth century, for a nutria fedora ranged from ninety-eight cents to two dollars and twenty-five cents.
While modern birds have only one functional oviduct and lay one egg at a time, more primitive birds and dinosaurs had two oviducts, like crocodiles.
Americans drink three times as much coffee as tea.
Patanjali's Yoga Sutras is a synthesis of these three traditions.
An engine can be put into a category according to two criteria: the form of energy it accepts in order to create motion, and the type of motion it outputs.
In New Zealand, Ford was second in market share in the first eight months of 2006 with 14.4%.
This triangle can be constructed by first constructing a circle of diameter 1, and inscribing in it two of the angles of the triangle.
Overall, two thirds of strokes occurred in those over 65 years old.
Of the three primary types of lightning, it poses the greatest threat to life and property since it terminates or "strikes" the Earth.
Female domestic cats can have kittens from spring to late autumn, with litter sizes ranging from two to five kittens.
A common list identifies six main bands: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet.
If printing is required on all four flaps as well as the front, the process is referred to as "printing on the flat".
On January 18, 2005, President Jacques Chirac announced the introduction of a law on a programme for social cohesion comprising the three pillars of employment, housing and equal opportunities.
There are five different colors of both polyurethane and leather, with leather being more expensive.
North American consumers purchase a new television set on average every seven years, and the average household owns 2.8 televisions.
They are weaned at the age of about six months.
Thus, for example, if a pope's reign commenced on 1 August and he died on 2 August, this would count as having reigned for two calendar days.
A vessel may have a single hull , two in the case of catamarans, or three in the case of trimarans.
The two winners of this round play each other for the championship.
In the case of Malawi, almost five million of its 13 million people used to need emergency food aid.
During the playoffs, three accumulated yellow cards will result in a suspension, as opposed to five during the regular season.
Most bodies are made from two pieces of wood with some of them including a seam running down the center line of the body.
Most squads practice at least three days a week for about two hours each practice during the summer.
Beirut, Sidon, and Tripoli are three of the main metropolitan areas along the Lebanese coast.
Proteins can be informally divided into three main classes, which correlate with typical tertiary structures: globular proteins, fibrous proteins, and membrane proteins.
India has seven tobacco research centers, located in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, Bihar, Mysore, and West Bengal houses the core research institute.
The three main types of marsh are salt marshes, freshwater tidal marshes, and freshwater marshes.
The three footfalls are evenly spaced, and followed by the "suspension" phase of the gait, which is when all four legs are off the ground.
Large groups of animals bellow together for a few minutes a few times a day, usually one to three hours after sunrise.
It was made of dried lime which was made into a powder, then soaked in water for eight days, with the water changed each day.
Some newspapers are published two or three times a week and are known as semi-weekly publications.
Beans also have significant amounts of fiber and soluble fiber, with one cup of cooked beans providing between nine and 13 grams of fiber.
Before the four seconds is up, the goalkeeper must either pass the ball or leave the crease.
As such, it generalizes a circle, which is the special type of ellipse in which the two focal points are the same.
By 2014, though, the average MLB game took over three hours to complete.
A porthole consists of at least two structural components and is, in its simplest form, similar to any other type of window in design and purpose.
A conveyor system is a common piece of mechanical handling equipment that moves materials from one location to another.
The 2005 Government Accountability Office report on college textbooks said that since the 1980s, textbook and supply prices have risen twice the rate of inflation in the past two decades.
Finance is, correspondingly, often split into three areas: personal finance, corporate finance and public finance.
In 2011, six countries were still using leaded gasoline: Afghanistan, Myanmar, North Korea, Algeria, Iraq and Yemen.
The side-by-side bar is aluminum attached to the yoke of the chute, allowing two or three passenger harnesses to be attached side by side.
Many hammocks come in a variety of colors, patterns, and sizes ranging from a one-person to two or three person .
In the United States, the wedding industry employs over one million people throughout 600,000 businesses, and grows 2% each year.
Even in 1947, there were just ten self-service shops in the country.
The paddle, which consists of one or two blades joined to a shaft, is also used to steer the vessel.
Other players are restricted to two thirds of the court, with the exception of the Centre, who may move anywhere on the court except for a shooting circle.
In other words, two or more candidates strive and compete against one another to attain a position of power.
By 1938, the women's national championship changed from a three-court game to two-court game with six players per team.
The mammalian heart has four chambers, two upper atria, the receiving chambers, and two lower ventricles, the discharging chambers.
From 1929 to 1993, the teams met each other in the 16 playoff series, as well as seven Stanley Cup Finals.
In 1898 the infantry company was expanded to three platoons, increasing the number of sergeants in each company to six, along with a first sergeant and a company quartermaster sergeant.
There are four basic types of market structures in traditional economic analysis: perfect competition, monopolistic competition, oligopoly and monopoly.
The reproductive system of female insects consist of a pair of ovaries, accessory glands, one or more spermathecae, and ducts connecting these parts.
The procedure can take between four and eight hours, and additional sessions can be carried out to make hair even thicker.
With the approval of the American hierarchy, the two priests traveled to Rome in June 1911 to receive final approval from Pope Pius X for their project.
Berklee College of Music, the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world, was founded and led by MIT alumnus Lawrence Berk for more than three decades.
In Spain, there are two different types of doughnuts.
The B-52 Stratofortress has a special arrangement in which all four main wheels can be angled.
Over the next few years, Bell owned and operated a number of restaurants in southern California including four called El Taco.
Three of the five most populous countries in the world have yellow or gold in their flag, representing about half of the world's population.
The game set a record for total viewers for the fifth time in six years.
In 1997, cannabis was estimated to be overall the number four value crop in the US, and number one or two in many states, including California, New York, and Florida.
In the French Army in the 1670s, a battalion was divided into 18 platoons who were grouped into three "firings"
There are three types of government budget : the operating or current budget, the capital or investment budget, and the cash or cash flow budget.
In general, primary education consists of six to eight years of schooling starting at the age of five to seven, although this varies between, and sometimes within, countries.
Since the two sides of the lower jaw are not joined or fused together, the lower incisors are farther apart, giving the kangaroo a wider bite.
There are two examples: Iceland, which is the world's second largest volcanic island, and Jan Mayen.
The logo is composed of three equilateral triangles each rotated at 0, 40, and 80 degrees.
Japan's geographical features divide it into six principal climatic zones: Hokkaido, Sea of Japan, Central Highland, Seto Inland Sea, Pacific Ocean, and Ryukyu Islands.
Japan is also planning the construction of four new AEGIS-equipped destroyers, whose class is yet to be named.
This toxin has caused at least one death of an elderly person in recent years.
A body cord consists of three wires known as the A, B, and C lines.
Apple doubled the storage on the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in two configurations , as well as the iPhone SE six months later.
If caught soon enough, it can be treated with three doses of different proton pump inhibitors as well as two antibiotics, taking about a week to cure.
Condenser microphones are also available with two diaphragms that can be electrically connected to provide a range of polar patterns , such as cardioid, omnidirectional, and figure-eight.
In 2015, the ten places with the highest divorce rates in the UK are all beside the sea, with Blackpool in the top position.
In 18th-century France, two librarians, Hubert-Pascal Ameilhon and Joseph Van Praet, selected and identified over 300,000 books and manuscripts that became the property of the people in the Bibliothèque Nationale.
In the United States and Canada, professional Major League Baseball teams are divided into the National League and American League , each with three divisions: East, West, and Central.
Compared to the pulp, the inedible pomegranate peel contains as much as three times the total amount of polyphenols, including condensed tannins, catechins, gallocatechins and prodelphinidins.
Natural lead consists of four stable isotopes with mass numbers of 204, 206, 207, and 208, and traces of five short-lived radioisotopes.
Japan's court system is divided into four basic tiers: the Supreme Court and three levels of lower courts.
However, the extent to which decisions regarding the disposition of a decedent's remains can be controlled by the decedent while still alive vary from one jurisdiction to another.
Horse racing in Australia was founded during the early years of settlement and the industry has grown to be among the top three leading Thoroughbred racing nations of the world.
Such a group does not usually consist of more than four individuals.
Denard has since carried out five attempted coup d'etats in Benin and the Comoros Islands, three of them successful.
Accordingly, in these insects, the functional thorax is composed of four segments, and is therefore typically called the mesosoma to distinguish it from the "thorax" of other insects.
The three most common structures are known as "fixed-limit", "pot-limit", and "no-limit".
Although there is evidence of scattered Brythonic settlements in the area, the first major settlement was founded by the Romans about four years after the invasion of AD 43.
There are seven business resource groups: women, African Americans, Hispanics, Asians, Native Americans, gays and lesbians, and a disabled group."
The world's biggest steam generation system is the New York City steam system, which pumps steam into 100,000 buildings in Manhattan from seven cogeneration plants.
Going into the final round, Taylor held a secure lead on the scorecards of two of the three judges.
The Council of Ministers, consisting of a Chief Minister and nine ministers, makes up part of the Government of Jersey.
Inventor Nikola Tesla lived the last ten years of his life at the New Yorker Hotel until he died in his room in 1943.
Using physics, it can be shown that, in the gravitational field of the Earth, it should take any object about 0.45 second to fall one metre.
Boron nitride is structurally isoelectronic to carbon and takes on similar physical forms: a graphite-like one used as a lubricant, and a diamond-like one used as an abrasive.
Pre-schools, both private and school sponsored, are available for children from ages three to five.
The processed bark dries completely in four to six hours, provided it is in a well-ventilated and relatively warm environment.
Members of the chemistry department have been awarded three Nobel Prizes and one Wolf Prize for the discovery of novel syntheses and methods.
Nitrogen and potash can be applied at regular intervals during the growing season, the last application of nitrogen being at least four weeks before harvesting.
There are four major continuous landmasses on Earth: Afro-Eurasia, the Americas, Antarctica and Australia.
The first three layers extend between the vertebral column, the lower ribs, the iliac crest and pubis of the hip.
The frame is in two parts, held together by a latch on the top rear of the cylinder.
Manhattan has two central business districts, the Financial District at the southern tip of the island, and Midtown Manhattan.
York is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Middlesbrough, has eight Roman Catholic churches and a number of different Catholic religious orders.
Fresh and saltwater fish are the main source of protein for one billion people and comprise 15% of an additional two billion people's diets.
Ethanol has been found in at least one study to damage catalytic converters.
It is traditionally considered to be one species, Giraffa camelopardalis, with nine subspecies.
The four oldest non-dirigible airlines that still exist are the Netherlands' KLM , Colombia's Avianca , Australia's Qantas , and the Czech Republic's Czech Airlines .
Over the eight years of the contract, "millions and millions of dollars" were "dispersed to the league's teams."
There are six main criteria for the declaration of a just war: first, any just war must be declared by a lawful authority
The two styles of yogurt commonly found in the grocery store are set-style yogurt and Swiss-style yogurt.
A robot might be designed to perform one particular task extremely well, or a range of tasks less well.
Viral diseases known to infect coyotes include rabies, canine distemper, infectious canine hepatitis, four strains of equine encephalitis, and oral papillomatosis.
In algebra, the remainder is the polynomial "left over" after dividing one polynomial by another.
An option for maximizing traffic throughput on a highway is to reverse the flow of traffic on one side of a divider so that all lanes become outbound lanes.
Canada has dominated the competition, winning all four gold medals and never losing a game.
Non-controlling players may double their wager or decline to do so, but they are bound by the controlling player's decision to take only one card.
By the first quarter of 2009, real travel demand in the United States had fallen 6% over six quarters.
Out of more than 470 species, only four have been involved in a significant number of fatal, unprovoked attacks on humans: the great white, oceanic whitetip, tiger, and bull sharks.
From the first season of the Championship in 2009–10 to 2011–12, the top eight teams advanced
Being loyal to one team in a rivalry brings a sense of belonging to a community of supporters that are hoping that the team they are rooting for wins.
When one enters the sanctuary, one is said to be going into the βωμός or βῆμα.
Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture also starts with a cello ensemble, with four cellos playing the top lines and two violas playing the bass lines.
A sister is a woman or girl who shares one or more parents with another.
In the event no player is able to empty their hand, then the player with the lowest domino left in hand is deemed to be out and scores one point.
If both parents are registered purebreds but of different breeds, it is still not possible to register a puppy as two different breeds.
The two materials are not in separate compartments, however, they are sufficiently viscous that they will not mix.
Morgan's wife, actress Yvonne De Carlo, put her own career on hold, in order to nurse him back to health over five years
The number of legs was reduced as microprocessor technology advanced, and there are now a number of robots that can walk on two legs.
While dinosaurs were ancestrally bipedal , some prehistoric species were quadrupeds, and others, such as Anchisaurus and Iguanodon, could walk just as easily on two or four legs.
There are about ten thousand living species, more than half of which are passerine, or "perching" birds.
Most motorway systems in Belgium have at least three lanes in each direction.
Others argue that whether or not one views the family as "declining" depends on one's definition of "family". "
As one historian put it, silver "went round the world and made the world go round."
The band was formed in 1990, but did not become one solid line-up for several years.
After two weeks, calves are able to join the herd, and are fully weaned at two months of age.
The use of a sunscreen with SPF 15 or higher in the morning with reapplication every two hours is recommended when using hydroquinone.
There were two separate groups: the "skinners" fought for the pro-independence side, while the "cowboys" supported the British.
A report by Oxford Economics added those two together to estimate the total size of the digital economy at $20.4 trillion, equivalent to roughly 13.8% of global sales.
Stage one may last several hours, and ends when the cervix is fully dilated.
Besides the horse, there are six other species of genus Equus in the Equidae family.
As a general rule, breeding young horses prior to the age of three is considered undesirable.
The majority of mammals have seven cervical vertebrae , including bats, giraffes, whales and humans.
All three refer to members of the same taxonomic family, Macropodidae, and are distinguished according to size.
Cooked pasta may be frozen for up to two or three months.
The official Laws of the Game stipulate that once the goalkeeper has picked up the ball, he or she must redistribute it within six seconds
Obelisks were being shipped out of Egypt as late as the nineteenth century when three of them were sent to London, New York and Paris.
Sanding is done every three to five years.
Humans usually have five toes on each foot.
In this regard, most western countries have compulsory education during which the great majority of children are at school starting from five or six years of age.
In most armies, a squad consists of eight to fourteen soldiers, and may be further subdivided into fireteams.
FIBA was formed in 1932 by eight founding nations: Argentina, Czechoslovakia, Greece, Italy, Latvia, Portugal, Romania and Switzerland.
The largest airliners are wide-body jets, also called twin-aisle aircraft because they generally have two separate aisles running from the front to the back of the passenger cabin.
Since then the sport has continued to grow with a further seven clubs opening around the country.
Surprise may occur due to a violation of one, two, or a combination of all three factors.
For this reason, DEXA scans are often done in people with one or more risk factors, who have developed osteoporosis and are at risk of fracture.
As time passes, the ratio of lead-206 and lead-207 to lead-204 increases, since the former two are supplemented by radioactive decay of heavier elements while the latter is not
In the Christian liturgical calendar, there are two principal feasts, properly known as the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord and the Feast of the Resurrection, .
Fourth-line forward Don Metz then galvanized the team, to score a hat-trick in game four and the game-winner in game five.
Historically there were three main types of German farmhouses, many of which survive today.
Many nutritionists encourage people to consume plenty of fruit and vegetables, five or more portions a day often being recommended.
Infants who slept within four hours of learning the language could remember the language rules better, while infants who stayed awake longer did not recall those rules as well.
Many countries require a passport validity of a minimum of six months beyond the planned date of departure, as well as having at least two to four blank pages.
In one high-profile incident, Mike Plumb, a SWAT sniper in Columbus, Ohio, prevented a suicide by shooting a revolver out of the individual's hand, leaving him unharmed.
The healing process of piercings is broken down into three stages:The inflammatory phase, during which the wound is open and bleeding, inflammation and tenderness are all to be expected
The two words are not mutually exclusive
If at least one variable does not appear in the equation, then the quadric is degenerate.
Europe uses the traditional, first form, second form, third form, fourth form, fifth form and six form grade system which is up to age eleven.
They are mature at three or four years old.
The modern Olympics have been held during the summer months every four years since 1896.
More than 8800 children are being raised in state institutions, but only three percent of them are orphans.
Spears can be divided into two broad categories: those designed for thrusting in melee combat and those designed for throwing .
Molting can happen five to 10 times before the adult stage is reached, depending on the species.
Another possibility is contra-rotating propellers, where two propellers rotate in opposing directions on a single shaft, or on separate shafts on nearly the same axis.
The Leafs were able to win the series, winning the seventh game by the score of 2–1 to prevent a complete reversal of the series played three years ago.
He completed this feat despite suffering from a heart attack and undergoing a double heart bypass operation just four months before.
Five European countries rank in the top ten of the world's largest national economies in GDP .
As many as 25% of diabetic patients will eventually develop foot ulcers, and recurrence within five years is 70%.
There are four main types of thunderstorms: single-cell, multi-cell, squall line and supercell.
Spiders, like most other arachnids, keep at least four legs on the surface while walking or running.
Since the end of the last glacial period, it was probably restricted by periods of deep snow lasting longer than six months.
Six types occur amongst the monocotyledons, ten in the dicotyledons, and two in the gymnosperms .
Some coastal areas have one or more sets of dunes running parallel to the shoreline directly inland from the beach.
The three types of drying methods are: sun drying, shade drying, and mechanical drying.
In the New Testament, Jesus prophesied the betrayal by Peter: "Jesus answered, 'I tell you, Peter, before the rooster crows today, you will deny three times that you know me.'"
For example, burn rates of smoldering logs are up to five times greater during the day because of lower humidity, increased temperatures, and increased wind speeds.
In Northern Ireland, the six county councils and the smaller town councils were abolished in 1973 and replaced by a single tier of local government.
The observer can therefore see that part of the ship that is more than six metres above the level of the water.
Angles formed by two rays lie in a plane, but this plane does not have to be a Euclidean plane.
Inflatable space habitats have been proposed since the 1960s and one expandable space station is currently planned for launch in 2015.
When using one crutch, the crutch may be placed on the side of the unaffected leg or used to bear the load of the affected leg.
It has not changed dramatically for over four billion years, and will remain fairly stable for more than five billion more.
Preliminary evidence from a 2012 review indicated that physical training for up to four months may increase sleep quality in adults over 40 years of age.
A competent tennis player has eight basic shots in his or her repertoire: the serve, forehand, backhand, volley, half-volley, overhead smash, drop shot, and lob.
In Korea, funerals are typically held for three days and different things are done in each day.
In the Gallagher Premiership, the top four qualify for the play-offs, where they are not referred to by that name.
The couple had their two sons out of wedlock and married in 1901.His father moved to the Patagonia region that year, where he later purchased a sheep ranch.
After mating, sheep have a gestation period of about five months, and normal labor takes one to three hours.
The jury consisted of 10 people, and had to reach a majority verdict consisting of seven or more of the jurors.
The samurai often carried two swords, the longer katana and the shorter wakizashi, and these were normally wielded individually, though use of both as a pair did occur.
The following table shows the main properties of the three families of mixtures and examples of the three types of mixture.
In marine mussels, fertilization occurs outside the body, with a larval stage that drifts for three weeks to six months, before settling on a hard surface as a young mussel.
Thus, ten thousand years from now Earth's northern winter will occur at aphelion and northern summer at perihelion.
In some areas, such as central Appalachia, graves were indeed once dug to a depth of six feet to prevent the body being disturbed by burrowing animals.
Of the annual global production of around two hundred million tonnes of salt, about 6% is used for human consumption.
The eardrum is made up of three layers .
Colgate-Palmolive took over the production of American Home Products in 1995 at a cost of one billion US dollars.
As the system has been changed recently, the four digit format can still be used: in that case it is necessary to add the name of the province or district.
Sikhism is a panentheistic religion founded on the teachings of Guru Nanak and ten successive Sikh gurus in 15th-century Punjab.
In the 19th century, children younger than seven years old were believed incapable of crime.
To maintain a laptop, it is recommended to clean it every three months for dirt, debris, dust, and food particles.
There are two main types of lumber.
The terms for African Americans have changed over the years, as shown by the categories in the United States Census, taken every ten years.
Some mounts either have two or four screws on top of the scope ring that hold the scope in place.
Three years later, Valium hit the shelves and was ten times more effective as a muscle relaxant and anti-convulsant.
It is rare to find a suit with more than four buttons, although zoot suits can have as many as six or more due to their longer length.
In England, 1 piece of eight was worth 4s 3d while it was worth 8s in New York, 7s 6d in Pennsylvania and 6s 8d in Virginia.
Only one human fatality has been reported after transmission of the rabies virus strain commonly known as "raccoon rabies".
The board consists of four representatives from FIFA and one representative from each of the four British associations.
Their foods can be divided into four categories:Rhizomes, roots, tubers and bulbs, all of which are dug up throughout the year in the animal's whole range.
This Council decreed that the cardinal electors must meet within ten days of the pope's death, and that they must remain in seclusion until a pope has been elected
Consistency is measured at three moisture conditions: air-dry, moist, and wet.
However, three significant pieces of evidence refute this theory.
Often a hunter will use a combination of more than one technique.
If just one seller and one buyer are participating, the issue is not considered to be an auction.
In the Middle Ages the term was used to describe two pitches sounding in combination, and in the Renaissance the concept was expanded to denote three pitches sounding together.
There are two main categories of fibres used: natural fibre and man-made fibre .
The state's two new universities, Dublin City University and University of Limerick, were initially National Institute for Higher Education institutions.
Going from one epoch to the next is a Singularity in its own right, and a period of speeding up precedes it.
Scotch malt whiskies were divided into five main regions: Highland, Lowland, Islay, Speyside and Campbeltown.
For example, 3d6+4 instructs the player to roll three six-sided dice, calculate the total, and add four to it.
Because the skeletal system does not reach full maturity until the horse is at least four years of age, young racehorses often suffer injuries.
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life.
Thus, each cell has two vertically oriented walls, with the upper and lower parts of the cells composed of two angled walls.
In other Italic alphabets , the letter could be represented as a zig-zagging line of any number between three and six strokes.
RMS Titanic was the largest ship afloat at the time she entered service and was the second of three Olympic-class ocean liners operated by the White Star Line.
Until 2009, clubs that win the European Champion Clubs' Cup three times in successive seasons, or five times in total, were permitted to retain the trophy in perpetuity.
The league currently has nine teams in the Eastern United States and Denver playing a 14-game season from April to August.
During the 1920s and 1930s, candy bars selling for five cents were often marketed as replacements for lunch.
The next two teams played a semifinal for a place in the Preliminary Final, whose winner took the other place in the Grand Final.
They even make four adapter sleeves that allow the 20 gauge models to fire: 9mm Luger, .38 Special, .357 Magnum, .45 ACP, .45 Long Colt, and .410 gauge ammunition.
A study in Polynesia found that coral cover declined drastically with the arrival of migratory starfish in 2006, dropping from 50% to under 5% in three years.
There are two different types of blades for pruning shears: Stainless steel and carbon steel.
The three standard volleyball formations are known as "4–2", "6–2" and "5–1", which refers to the number of hitters and setters respectively.
Learning to eat is a messy process for children, and children often do not master neatness or eating etiquette until they are five or six years old.
The typical amount of time required for pace of play for a 9-hole round is two hours and four hours for an 18-hole round.
Five days later, six were executed by electric chair at the District of Columbia jail.
A research library is a collection of materials on one or more subjects.
Giant pandas reach sexual maturity between the ages of four and eight, and may be reproductive until age 20.
In July 2014 three boys 15, 16 and 18, were arrested and charged with beating to death two homeless men with bricks and a metal pole in Albuquerque.
In the US, China, UK, Ireland and Canada, a dormitory may be a room containing more than one bed.
Parkas was formed in 2000 in London, where three of its members had moved from the Huntsville area to attend the University of Western Ontario.
The Trevi Fountain is the largest and most spectacular of Rome's fountains, designed to glorify the three different Popes who created it.
In 2018, four Democrats represented Manhattan in the United States House of Representatives.
The females have an udder consisting of two teats, in contrast to cattle, which have four teats.
Most architectural applications of aluminium in the 1930s were on a monumental scale, and it would be another six years before it was put to use on residential construction.
Similarly, the sacrum is usually counted as a single bone, rather than five fused vertebrae.
Shrubs and trees are also defined in terms of size, where shrubs are less than ten meters tall, and trees may grow over ten meters.
Although Chase Field was not the first retractable-roof ballpark in history, it was the first in a wave of four retractable-roof ballparks to follow the retro-modern pattern.
He suggested that three geostationary satellites would provide coverage over the entire planet.
In essence, what one owns is not the object but the value of the object.
While some may practice many, there are others who will practice only one or two.
A hatchet is a single-handed striking tool with a sharp blade on one side used to cut and split wood, and a hammer head on the other side.
Pleasure is often regarded as a bipolar construct, meaning that the two ends of the spectrum from pleasure to suffering are mutually exclusive.
The nares are two holes—circular, oval or slit-like in shape—which lead to the nasal cavities within the bird's skull, and thus to the rest of the respiratory system.
Like other fruits, it has three layers: the exocarp, mesocarp, and endocarp.
The average clutch size is around four to five eggs in temperate areas and two to three eggs in the tropics.
The Psittaciformes comprise three main lineages: Strigopoidea, Psittacoidea and Cacatuoidea.
It consisted of a frame equipped with two counter-rotating discs, each of which was fitted with six vanes around its circumference.
However, green was not counted among the four classic colors of Greek painting – red, yellow, black and white – and is rarely found in Greek art.
His gloves typically feature three scallops that protrude from long, gauntlet-like cuffs, although in his earliest appearances he wore short, plain gloves without the scallops.
Webcams can be used during a video chat session involving two or more people, with conversations that include live audio and video.
Apartment buildings are multi-story buildings where three or more residences are contained within one structure.
There are two broad classifications of frictional forces: static friction and kinetic friction.
The four smallest raccoon subspecies, with a typical weight of 1.8 to 2.7 kg , live along the southern coast of Florida and on the adjacent islands
The referee's decision is not final and may be disputed by the five judges seated around the ring.
They found that 66% of their sample of babies who were three months old in the United States demonstrated at least some attachment, according to their mothers.
Shoulder holsters consist of two straps connected in a manner similar to a backpack, with the actual holster mounted to a strap on the right or the left side.
Young females give birth to four to five young, and older females from six to eight young and up to 14.
Due to the complexity of British nationality law, the United Kingdom has six variants of British nationality.
Microhospitals, which range from eight beds to fifty, are expanding in the United States.
The six highest ranked teams play home-and-away matches against each other
His questions are divided into three categories: occupation, ideology, and interpersonal relationships.
These shrines are often scattered around the temple compound, with the three main ones being in the main area.
Leather has become less common in the punk community over the last three decades, as there is opposition to the use of leather from punks who support animal rights.
One student may take only three months, while others may take four years.
There has been much interest in learning modalities and styles over the last two decades.
The top ten of 2016 are as follows:
With two legs, the centre of gravity would still occur on the axis of rotation, and be centred directly between the two points of contact.
After a three-month police surveillance operation, nine members of the DPM crew were convicted of conspiracy to commit criminal damage costing at least £1 million.
The basic idea of using three monochrome images to produce a color image had been experimented with almost as soon as black-and-white televisions had first been built.
The typical symphony orchestra consists of four groups of related musical instruments called the woodwinds, brass, percussion, and strings.
Only three were built, with a variety of different engines installed, in an attempt to overcome the lack of power.
The Federation Cynologique Internationale currently only recognizes three breeds: the Bull Terrier, the Miniature Bull Terrier, and the Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
The first three degrees are felonies, while fourth-degree burglary is a misdemeanor.
If the score of the game is tied after nine innings, extra innings are played to resolve the contest.
The remaining species are within two main clades, one consisting of the black species of the genus Calyptorhynchus while the other contains the remaining species.
In the first five years the Knickerbockers played, the team fielded anywhere from eight to eleven players.
From 1970 to 1973, two million machines were sold, peaking at 500,000 sold in 1971.
But, there is not just one monolithic plenum, for existence consists of a multiplicity of plenums.
Because of this, ghee can keep for six to eight months under normal conditions.
The fore limbs usually have five digits, including an opposable thumb, while the hind limbs have three to five digits.
A lacrosse match is presided over by a crew of either two, three, or in some cases four on-field officials.
Most laptops have two memory slots, although some of the lowest-end models will have only one, and some high end models have four slots.
Manufacturers label tents as one-season, two/three-season, three/four season, four season, etc.
In universities and colleges, some students pay for three meals a day by making a single large payment for the entire semester.
Ticks have four stages to their lifecycle, namely egg, larva, nymph, and adult.
Shintani and Otsuka visited each other in Japan and Canada several times, the last time in 1980 two years prior to Otsuka's death.
The U.S. recommissioned all four Iowa-class battleships for the Korean War and the New Jersey for the Vietnam War.
However, Jose Cuervo was already running ad campaigns for the margarita three years earlier, in 1945, with the slogan, "Margarita: It's more than a girl's name."
One example of a multi-barreled pistol is the Duck's foot pistol, which generally had either four or eight barrels, although some 20th-century models had three barrels.
Israeli tourist minister Rehavam Ze'evi was assassinated on October 17, 2001, by Hamdi Quran and three other members of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine .
In 2008, BC Ferries launched three of the largest double-ended ferries in the world.
Bancroft's method is algebraic, as opposed to numerical, and can be used for four or more satellites.
An average litter consists of about six puppies, though this number may vary widely based on the breed of dog.
As one car ascends from level 2, the other descends from level 3.
In the UK and the rest of Europe, comic strips are also serialized in comic book magazines, with a strip's story sometimes continuing over three pages or more.
It is held in the capital city of Victoria and takes place over three days.
There are two aspects to how pneumatic tires support the rim of the wheel on which they are mounted.
The study involved 900 white people in Australia and required some of them to apply a broad-spectrum sunscreen every day for four and a half years.
He argued that "nothing" cannot exist by the following line of reasoning: To speak of a thing, one has to speak of a thing that exists.
Japan is the most successful Asian Rugby Union country, winning the Asian Five Nations a record six times and winning the newly formed IRB Pacific Nations Cup in 2011.
Teams are divided into seven levels based on the performance of each country.
Middle earThe middle ear is filled with three bones called ossicles and is separated by the outer eardrum in the back of the rabbit's skull.
Unlike most mammals, it uses a "pacing" gait and moves both legs on one side of the body before the legs on the other side.
This car happened to have a hole in the roof about two feet square.
The station's crew, made up of six people, is usually replaced every six months.
The head capsule is made up of six fused segments, each with either a pair of ganglia, or a cluster of nerve cells outside of the brain.
This meant that for the Corps, squad leaders would remain as sergeants and the rifle squad would be sub-divided into three four-man fire teams, each led by a corporal.
Unable to swear an Oath of Allegiance, as it was against their faith, the members were imprisoned for about six months.
If scores are tied at the end of nine innings, extra innings are usually played.
There are two primary types of cells.
In the Philippines, each day of the year has at least one festival dedicated to harvesting of crops, fishes, crustaceans, milk, and other local goods.
Since their hooves are cloven, two shoes are required for each hoof, as opposed to a single horseshoe.
Despite this, helmet usage rates in North America are estimated to be between eight and twenty percent.
International law can refer to three things: public international law, private international law or conflict of laws and the law of supranational organisations.
In adults, three of the bones of the pelvis have fused into the hip bone or acetabulum which forms part of the hip region.
Researchers at the Agricultural Research Service experimentally tested the concentrations of vitamins C, E, K, B9, and four carotenoids in packaged spinach following irradiation.
It is not necessary that all three darts are thrown on the final turn, the game can be finished on any of the three darts.
In contrast, the two groups were similar in their response to threat-inducing pictures, with no significant group differences at any site.
There are five different groups of Terrier, with each group having different shapes and sizes.
Consisting of chirps, squeaks, whistles and buzzes, hummingbird songs originate from at least seven specialized nuclei in the forebrain.
In modern times, it has been a norm among upper and upper-middle-class families in the Philippines to hire at least one maidservant-caretaker to care for the household and children.
Many missiles use a combination of two or more of the methods to improve accuracy and the chances of a successful engagement.
Under the Laws, the two basic states of play during a game are ball in play and ball out of play.
A screw pump is a more complicated type of rotary pump that uses two or three screws with opposing thread — e.g., one screw turns clockwise and the other counterclockwise.
The bunks were placed directly on the cold ground, and the prisoners had only one or two blankets and no extra clothing to ward off the winter chill.
Because of its polarity, a molecule of water in the liquid or solid state can form up to four hydrogen bonds with neighboring molecules.
Allowing thousands of instances of computation to occur on one single machine instead of thousands of individual machines could be a way to save energy.
An individual producer, on the other hand, especially one new in the market, probably will not have the same access to customers as a broker.
On some freeways, the two carriageways are built on different alignments
Students are allowed to take one guest, as a friend or as a partner.
According to the FAO, in 2004 there were four million commercial fishing vessels.
However, one writer believed this to be untrue, at least in England.
Cheesecakes can be broadly categorized into two basic types: baked and unbaked.
Copper tubing is available in four wall thicknesses: type DWV , type 'M' , type 'L' , and type 'K' .
For most vegetables and vegetable juices, one serving is half of a cup and can be eaten raw or cooked.
The design had four horizontal bars broken in the middle by one vertical bar with an "O" in the center.
The Patriots, however, lost to the Eli Manning led New York Giants, 21–17, who had beaten the Patriots four years before.
The middle ear consists of a space spanned by three small bones called the ossicles.
In the Age of Sail, a full-rigged ship was a sailing vessel with at least three square-rigged masts and a full bowsprit
D Deck, the Saloon Deck, was dominated by three large public rooms—the First Class Reception Room, the First Class Dining Saloon and the Second Class Dining Saloon.
Through the 2014–15 season, the three division champions and best division runner-up received the top four seeds, with their ranking based on regular-season record.
Three fourths of the repairs in the survey cost less than US$200 and two thirds of the motorcycles were repaired in less than two days.
There are three types of dachshund, which can be classified by their coats: short-haired, called 'smooth'
The legless amphibians called caecilians have two short tentacles, one on each side of the head, between their eyes and nostrils.
A priest or priestess is a religious leader authorized to perform the sacred rituals of a religion, especially as a mediatory agent between humans and one or more deities.
Split: The protruding umbilical cord scar extends outwards, but is cleft in two by a fissure which extends part or all the way through the umbilical cord scar.
The ten most common birthdays all fall within a thirteen-day period, between September 22 and October 4.
Butter, peanut butter and sugar are spread on one side of the cooked waffle, and then it is folded into a semicircle to eat.
The IUCN lists six bear species as vulnerable or endangered, and even least concern species, such as the brown bear, are at risk of extirpation in certain countries.
The Leafs beat the Red Wings in five of their six meetings.
In the Russian Army, 50 light infantry regiments and one company in each battalion were formed, which accounted for about 40% of light infantry in the entire infantry.
The Ides fell on the thirteenth in those months in which the Nones fell on the fifth, and the fifteenth in the other four months.
Generally, headphone form factors can be divided into four separate categories: circumaural , supra-aural , earbud and in-ear.
Depending on age group and category, walkers have to walk 30, 40 or 50 kilometers each day for four days.
The remaining four legs are long and slender, and are used for walking or perching.
During this forty-year period, two popes—one in Avignon and one in Rome—claimed rulership over the Church.
In 2018, total world production of salt was 300 million tonnes, the top six producers being China , the United States , India , Germany , Canada and Australia .
The last two decades before the First World War have been called the "Golden Age of cricket".
There are three kinds of souls: the vegetative soul of plants, which causes them to grow and decay and nourish themselves, but does not cause motion and sensation
When one has so deviated from the will of God, one is said to be in Gehinnom.
It is divided into three parts: Inferno, Purgatorio, and Paradiso.
Only two of the remaining eight – Cacteae and Rhipsalideae – were shown to be monophyletic in a 2011 study by Hernández-Hernández et al.
It featured the debut of Team USA, which won seven of the eight gold medals.
Females breed for the first time anywhere from three to seven years of age and males are often older.
Usually double-breasted suits have one hole on each lapel , while single-breasted suits have just one on the left.
The late Middle Ages was a period of political intrigue surrounding the Papacy, culminating in the Western Schism, in which three men simultaneously claimed to be true Bishop of Rome.
The Exploratorium in San Francisco, and the Ontario Science Centre in 1969, were two of the earliest examples of science centers dedicated to exploring scientific principles through hands-on exhibits.
Influenza can be spread in three main ways: by direct transmission
Addition is associative: when adding three or more numbers, the order of operations does not matter.
In the interwar period, at least four flamethrowers were used in the Chaco War by the Bolivian Army, during the unsuccessful assault on the Paraguayan stronghold of Nanawa in 1933.
She later starred in several movies, including one about her life.
Extremely short skirts, some as much as eight inches above the knee, were observed in Britain in the summer of 1962.
Training to become a registered pharmacist in Nigeria involves a five-year course after six years of secondary/high school or four years after eight years of secondary/high school .
This pen may have been a fountain pen, but its mechanism remains unknown, and only one record mentioning it has been found.
In about one in a thousand births, a female is born with three X chromosomes, a condition termed Triple X syndrome.
Due to these two factors, chair massage is often performed in settings such as corporate offices, outdoor festivals, shopping malls, and other public locations.
At least one fictional moustache has been so notable that a whole style has been named after it: the Fu Manchu moustache.
Each of the two ancient temples in Jerusalem was called in the Tanakh Beit YHWH, which translates literally as "YHWH's House."
The parade runs from morning until late at night, 18 hours a day, for three days before Ash Wednesday.
The vaccine is usually effective against three or four types of influenza.
Beginning with the 2012–13 season, the pool stage of the promotion playoffs was abolished, with the top four sides directly entering the semi-finals.
In 1995, Nintendo announced that it had sold one billion game cartridges worldwide, ten percent of those being from the Mario franchise.
Requirements include completion of two to six years of apprenticeship training, and passing a licensing exam.}.An electrician's license is valid for work in the state where the license was issued.
Some mother cats will scatter their kittens as early as three months of age, while others continue to look after them until they approach sexual maturity.
Of these, 24 people have traveled beyond low Earth orbit, either to lunar orbit, the lunar surface, or, in one case, a loop around the Moon.
On December 14, 2008, The Guardian reported that three employees had been laid off as Yahoo!
Slope is calculated by finding the ratio of the "vertical change" to the "horizontal change" between two distinct points on a line.
There are four subspecies of black rhino: South-central , the most numerous, which once ranged from central Tanzania south through Zambia, Zimbabwe and Mozambique to northern and eastern South Africa
Each toe consists of three phalanx bones, the proximal, middle and distal, with the exception of the big toe .
By 1968, the number of ICs required to build a complete CPU had been reduced to 24 ICs of eight different types, with each IC containing roughly 1000 MOSFETs.
Fifty-year-old twins had over three times the epigenetic difference of three-year-old twins.
The National College Lacrosse League and Great Lakes Lacrosse League are two other lower-division club leagues.
Just five countries—Thailand, Vietnam, China, the United States and India—in decreasing order of exported quantities, accounted for about three-quarters of world rice exports in 2002.
From the very start of European settlement convicts were used as indentured labourers in five out of the six colonies.
In Morocco there are five metropolitan areas:Casablanca, Rabat, Tangier, Fes and Marrakech are considered Morocco's biggest metropolises.
In contrast to women's kimono, men's kimono outfits are far simpler, typically consisting of five pieces, not including footwear.
Another common, running-related injury is chafing, caused by repetitive rubbing of one piece of skin against another, or against an article of clothing.
Some brands of tires are much more puncture resistant than others, often incorporating one or more layers of Kevlar
These are usually made of wood, and operated by one or more persons.
DayZ, a zombie-based survival horror mod for ARMA 2, was responsible for over 300,000 unit sales of its parent game within two months of its release.
The customary salute in the Polish Armed Forces is the two-fingers salute, a variation of the British military salute with only two fingers extended.
A common definition defines war as a series of military campaigns between at least two opposing sides involving a dispute over sovereignty, territory, resources, religion, or other issues.
From a public health perspective, prevention strategies can be classified into three types:Primary prevention – approaches that aim to prevent violence before it occurs.
In November at the end of the tennis year, the world's top eight players compete in the ATP World Tour Finals, a tournament with a rotating locale.
This can only be done with split reins, as a horse can easily put a foot through a pair of reins that are attached to one another.
The first one in Rome was brought in by Julius Caesar in 46 BC and exhibited to the public.
One litre of water has a mass of almost exactly one kilogram when measured at its maximal density, which occurs at about 4 °C.
In 2013, pets outnumbered children four to one in the United States.
In the Bible the almond is mentioned ten times, beginning with Book of Genesis 43:11, where it is described as "among the best of fruits".
The thorax is a tagma composed of three sections, the prothorax, mesothorax and the metathorax.
The time frame during which a married couple is considered newlywed varies, but for social science research purposes it may be considered as up to four years into the marriage.
They were divided into three tribes—the tribe of Tuatha who were the nobility, the tribe of De who were the priests and the tribe of Danann, who were the bards.
For example, the six lanes of the Lincoln Tunnel can be changed from three inbound and three outbound to a two/four configuration depending on traffic volume.
Excluding dolphins and porpoises, odontocetes consist of four families: belugas and narwhals , sperm whales , dwarf and pygmy sperm whales , and beaked whales .
This is why some corpses are kept as long as one or two years at a hospital or in a funeral home.
The young emerge from the burrow after about six weeks and strike out on their own within the next two weeks.
The cult television program, Mystery Science Theater 3000 features the three main characters of the series watching a movie as silhouettes at the bottom of the screen.
It can take three to five weeks for waxed hair to begin to resurface again.
The table below describes the composition of the three major groups of algae.
Hydrogen has three naturally occurring isotopes, denoted 1H, 2H and 3H. Other, highly unstable nuclei have been synthesized in the laboratory but not observed in nature.
The knuckles of the four fingers of one's hand and the spaces between them can be used to remember the lengths of the months.
For example, in one study, if teens wrote letters of gratitude to other people over a month, they were more inclined to eat healthier food.
After a wife had spent three years in a temple, her husband was required to divorce her.
If the two possible values of one bit of storage are not equally likely, that bit of storage contains less than one bit of information.
Four of the five most circulated newspapers in the world are Japanese newspapers.
As long as the periods were close together, the gravity could be calculated from the two periods and the center of gravity of the pendulum.
The use of a "choir" of three strings, rather than two for all but the lowest notes, enhanced the richness and complexity of the treble.
One 18th-century English shilling was worth around $58 in modern currency, so a piece of eight could be worth anywhere from $246 to $465.
For example, assume that votes are cast for three people for an office: Alice, Bob, and Carol.
Monozygotic twins split into two zygotes at some time very early in the pregnancy.
Brown rats usually live in small colonies with up to six females sharing a burrow and one male defending a territory around the burrow.
In 2016, the combined world production of those two crops was about two billion tonnes.
The professional outdoor league in the United States utilizes four on-field officials in order to be able to better keep up with the increased pace of play.
The rotator cuff is an anatomical term given to the group of four muscles and their tendons that act to stabilize the shoulder.
This led to the emergence of two distinct subsets of parks in the major leagues: temporary ballparks and converted ballparks.
Before the late 1960s, nearly all countries that permitted divorce required proof by one party that the other party had committed an act incompatible to the marriage.
For the first seven decades or so of the sixteenth century, the name Labrador was sometimes also applied to what we know as Greenland.
In 1891, the US Army officially defined a rifle "squad" as consisting of "seven privates and one corporal."
In the 1950s, the Leafs and Red Wings met one another in six Stanley Cup semifinals
For Mongolians who are very strict when it comes to their traditions, there were three different ways of burial that families could choose from.
During the mating season, June to March, the pair call to each other at night, and meet in the nesting burrow every three days.
However, there is no historical evidence that either of these historical figures dueled one another.
This was followed two and a half months later by astronaut Ed White who made the first American EVA on NASA's Gemini 4 mission.
There are four elevator cars of the traditional design that run from the second level to the third level.
It takes less than two hours to get to York from London by rail, with at least 25 direct trains each weekday.
He also differentiated between three types of reactions: simple reaction, choice reaction, and go/no-go reaction.
Whether the windshield can be repaired always depends upon four factors: the size, type, depth and location of the damage.
Survival rates vary by cancer type and by the stage at which it is diagnosed, ranging from majority survival to complete mortality five years after diagnosis.
The principles of the fair chase have been a part of the American hunting tradition for over one hundred years.
It nurses from its mother's breast six to 14 times a day for up to 30 minutes at a time.
Teaching certification generally lasts three years, but teachers can receive certificates that last as long as ten years.
By the beginning of the twentieth century, crossing the Atlantic took about five days and shipping companies competed to own the largest and fastest vessels.
In the first U.S. Census, taken in 1790, just four categories were used: Free White males, Free White females, other free persons, and slaves.
However, as of 2008, the current numbers are still 90% lower than three generations ago.
In all species apart from the genus Mantoida, the prothorax, which bears the head and forelegs, is much longer than the other two thoracic segments.
If the ball goes below the crossbar, a goal, worth three points, is scored, and a green flag is raised by an umpire.
The theory of planned behavior intentions are a function of three factors: attitudes about the behavior, social norms relevant to the behavior, and perceptions of control over the behavior.
A masonry veneer wall consists of masonry units, usually clay-based bricks, installed on one or both sides of a structurally independent wall usually constructed of wood or masonry.
In addition, helmets should be replaced every three to five years
A dagger is a knife with a very sharp point and usually two sharp edges, typically designed or capable of being used as a thrusting or stabbing weapon.
In 2016, there were 4.7 million STEM graduates in China, which was more than eight times the corresponding number for the US.
This is particularly the case in close games with more than two players.
In a Lockean view, there are really two types of ideas: complex and simple.
The riot grew to 5,000 people and by the end medical students and doctors were beaten and six people were killed.
The slow transition from a predominantly Christian and Greek-speaking Anatolia to a predominantly Muslim and Turkish-speaking one was underway.
The dock holds up to four icons, and is located at the bottom section of the screen.
A rope anchor line should be at least seven times longer than the depth of the water in the anchorage.
The three "Non-Muslim" minority groups recognised in the Treaty of Lausanne were Armenians, Greeks and Jews.
Overall, Marx and Engels claimed to have identified five successive stages of the development of these material conditions in Western Europe.
Rather than having only six strings, the 12-string guitar has six courses made up of two strings each, like a mandolin or lute.
Some wheelchair taxicabs are capable of transporting only one wheelchair-using passenger at a time, and can usually accommodate 4 to 6 additional able-bodied passengers.
The genus Oncorhynchus contains eight species which occur naturally only in the North Pacific.
The two Asiatic species are the blue or Indian peafowl originally of the Indian subcontinent, and the green peafowl of Southeast Asia
Phylogenetic studies published in the last decade have helped reshape the classification within Kingdom Fungi, which is divided into one subkingdom, seven phyla, and ten subphyla.
In one study, bolus velocity in healthy adults was measured to be approximately 30–40 cm/s.
The bulls leave the herds of females at two or three years of age, and join a herd of males, which are generally smaller than female herds.
A quarter reported having experienced recurrent or continuous pain for three months or more, and a third of these reported frequent and intense pain.
The two linked rings were used as an early symbol for the Unitarian Universalist Association, signifying the joining of Unitarianism and Universalism.
This development was greatly overshadowed by two further innovations he introduced at the end of the 19th century.
It is also used in several multi-chamber ocarinas, especially in ones that are designed to play more than one note at a time.
A type of vernation of two leaves at a node, in which one half of each leaf is exposed and the other half is wrapped inside the other leaf.
It is composed of three groups of fibers, one stretching between the two bones, and two fused with the medial meniscus.
Biologist Valerius Geist, who has written on the world's various deer species, holds that there are only three subspecies of elk.
There are four main groups of hydrophytes that are found in wetland systems throughout the world.
There are two major benefits of a wireless intercom system over the traditional wired intercom.
In the United States and Canada, school buses are currently produced by nine different manufacturers.
This led to a controversy at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, when six swimmers were disqualified, as they repeatedly swam long distances underwater.
In the neurocranium these are the occipital bone, two temporal bones, two parietal bones, the sphenoid, ethmoid and frontal bones.
At least one manufacturer makes a rechargeable flashlight that uses a supercapacitor to store energy.
There are five persons in the panchayat.
Another three-player variation is "Sevens" in which one player plays against two players as a team, with the game being played to seven points
A screw will usually have a head on one end that allows it to be turned with a tool.
Studies have analyzed the resistance of four species of eels to two different sea snakes: one is a dietary generalist and the other is an eel specialist.
Peals on tower bells can take anywhere from two and a half to over four hours to ring, depending on the weight of the bells.
The songs on a mixtape generally relate to one another in some way, whether it be a conceptual theme or an overall sound.
At one location in Southern California, coyotes began relying on a colony of feral cats as a food source.
Smaller ensembles, such as quartets composed of two mandolins, mandola, and mandocello, may also be found.
Nine flight attendants, along with five off-duty flight attendants, evacuated all 292 persons on board without loss of life.
The number of minutes is rounded up, so, for example, if a player oversteps time control by two minutes and five seconds, the penalty is 30 points.
The blade chosen is based on the thickness of the material being cut, with a minimum of three teeth in the material.
The ossicles are three small bones that function together to receive, amplify, and transmit the sound from the eardrum to the inner ear.
Depending on climate and grain quality, this process takes six to nine months.
The best preserved examples of Egyptian chariots are the four specimens from the tomb of Tutankhamun.
The Japanese had a small battleship group composed of Fusō and Yamashiro, one heavy cruiser, and four destroyers.
In cross-section the forearm can be divided into two fascial compartments.
There are two types of underground dams: a sub-surface and a sand-storage dam.
Thus, I have lived in this village for ten years might become My family and I have lived in this little village for about ten or so years.
Australia was formed as a British Dominion in 1901 from a federation of six distinct British colonies which were founded between 1788 and 1829.
They require three to four hours per day to eat enough hay to meet their nutritional requirements.
However, most games contain two or all three of these elements.
This is done through six Regional Directorates of Apprenticeship Training located at Kolkata, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kanpur & Faridabad.
Psychological studies reveal both the importance of fun and its effect on the perception of time, which is sometimes said to be shortened when one is having fun.
These symptoms were correlated with cancer, hypertension, anxiety, depression, suicidal ideation, increased smoking, and sleep impairments at around six months after spousal death.
During the last five decades, space agencies have sent thousands of space crafts, space capsules, or satellites to the universe.
A toy is an item that is used in play, especially one designed for such use.
The city council consists of 47 councillors representing 21 wards, with two or three per ward serving four-year terms.
Egypt has won the African Cup seven times, and a record-making three times in a row.
The league operated as the Major Indoor Lacrosse League from 1989 to 1997, when there were six teams playing a 10-game schedule.
Although all three yoke types are effective, each has its advantages and disadvantages.
Professional bouts are usually much longer than amateur bouts, typically ranging from ten to twelve rounds, though four-round fights are common for less experienced fighters or club fighters.
In each of two annual tournaments, every team plays every other team in the league once , after which the top eight teams advance to the Liguilla.
Older pigs will consume three to five gallons of water per day.
As a result of both Bell Canada and Rogers Communications having an ownership stake in MLSE, Maple Leafs broadcasts are split between the two media companies
There are either one, two, or three of these for any given triangle.
Likewise, in Toronto, the Prince Edward Viaduct has five lanes of motor traffic, bicycle lanes, and sidewalks on its upper deck
Sculpture is the branch of the visual arts that operates in three dimensions.
Brood parasitism occurs in birds when one species lays its eggs in the nest of another.
A brand is a name, term, design, symbol or any other feature that identifies one seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers.
In such facilities, anything that could comfortably accommodate more than four people side-by-side would generally be considered an "open area", rather than an "aisle".
The slaves were forced to reside in barracoons, where they were crammed in and locked in by a padlock at night, getting about three to four hours of sleep.
Even two years after the end of War, some 850,000 people still lived in DP camps across Western Europe.
The initiation step is catalyzed by prenyltransferase, which converts three monomers of isopentenyl pyrophosphate into farnesyl pyrophosphate.
At that time, the words "sense" and "wit" were synonyms, so the senses were known as the five outward wits.
When described as a system of symbolic communication, language is traditionally seen as consisting of three parts: signs, meanings, and a code connecting signs with their meanings.
The US Navy rescinded its "no women on subs" policy in 2010.Both the US and British navies operate nuclear-powered submarines that deploy for periods of six months or longer.
Headquartered in the Victorian suburb of Broadmeadows, the company had registered losses worth AU$600 million over the five years prior to the announcement.
In 2011, Google donated 1 million euros to International Mathematical Olympiad to support the next five annual International Mathematical Olympiads .
Some clams have life cycles of only one year, while at least one may be over 500 years old.
They have two bulbous compound eyes, three small simple eyes, and a pair of antennae.
It was rectangular and supported on four legs, two of which could be longer than the other, providing support for an armrest or headboard.
Biplanes suffer aerodynamic interference between the two planes when the high pressure air under the top wing and the low pressure air above the lower wing cancel each other out.
Sachin Tendulkar set many modern day batting records included being the first player to score 100 international centuries across all three formats of the game.
It has three sections, each of which performs a different process of digestion.
For example, the United States competed against the Soviet Union in the Cold War for world power, and the two also struggled over the different types of government .
Of the three chemical senses, smell is the main determinant of a food item's flavor.
In contrast, a typical diesel locomotive requires no more than eight to ten hours of maintenance per month , and may run for decades between major overhauls.
According to one custom, a girl's way of wearing her hair would indicate her marital status.
Then he hit his three home runs on the first pitch of his next three at bats, off of three different pitchers .
An infomercial is a long-format television commercial, typically five minutes or longer.
Humans' brains are about three times bigger than in chimpanzees.
The four groups of macromolecule are nucleic acids, proteins, carbohydrates and lipids.
The typical workweek is five days, Sunday to Thursday, with 8.4 hours a day as the standard, with anything beyond that considered overtime.
During the 50 years to 2002, there were eight fatal attacks in Europe and Russia, and more than 200 in southern Asia.
The poodle has been bred in at least three sizes, including Standard, Miniature, and Toy.
Growing out of the wall is a hedge of hawthorn, brambles, vines, and trees, in thickness from one to three feet.
Toilets are one important element of a sanitation system, although other elements are also needed: transport, treatment, disposal, or reuse.
The lineup or batting order is a list of the nine baseball players for a team in the order they will bat during the game.
The umbilical cord contains three vessels: two arteries and one vein.
The standard workday is eight hours, although it may vary greatly between different fields and businesses.
Tropical herons typically have only one breeding season per year, unlike some other tropical birds which may raise up to three broods a year.
In general, cool dry air is introduced at one end of the kiln while warm moist air is expelled at the other.
In Russia, Poland, Slovenia, Serbia, Macedonia, Montenegro, the Netherlands, Iran and Egypt it is customary to "kiss three times, on alternate cheeks", but kiss twice in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In Jewish homes, two candles are lit to mark the beginning of the Sabbath at sundown every Friday, hence, candlesticks are often on display.
More recently, batches of amorphous steel with three times the strength of conventional steel alloys have been produced.
Two or three elastic suspender slings are attached on each side, where the material is shaped to the contours of the body.
Winning all three titles in one year, The Triple Crown, is the most elusive honour in the modern era of the sport.
However, the existence of up to eight extant giraffe species has been described, based upon research into the mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, as well as morphological measurements of Giraffa.
The photos show a male Amur tiger pass by, followed by a female and three cubs within the span of about two minutes.
There are cryptography applications that can serve as a remedy to one or more of the above.
When more than one band plays in a single performance, the drum kit is often considered part of the backline , and is shared between/among the drummers.
It has been estimated by E.O. Wilson that the total number of individual ants alive in the world at any one time is between one and ten quadrillion .
For example, two chickens were traded for one cow as cows were deemed to be more valuable than chickens.
Excessive yawning is more common during the first three months of taking SSRIs.
Pups begin to eat solid food at the age of three to four weeks.
American Susan B. Anthony said in a New York World interview on February 2, 1896:"I think it has done more to emancipate woman than any one thing in the world.
For example, 123.456 represents 123456/1000, or, in words, one hundred, two tens, three ones, four tenths, five hundredths, and six thousandths.
In 2014, the annual global production of lead was about ten million tonnes, over half of which was from recycling.
For example, in the Netherlands, only one club is automatically relegated from its top level, the Eredivisie, each season, with the winner of the second-flight being promoted.
There are three levels of apprenticeship.
Coaxial rotors are two counter-rotating rotors mounted one above the other with the same axis.
The blades were extremely hard to sharpen, and were meant to be thrown away after one use, and rusted quickly if not discarded.
After a gestation period of about 65 days, two to five young, known as "kits", are born in spring.
In the Western world there are two basic types of saddles used today for horseback riding, usually called the English saddle and the "stock" saddle.
According to William Blackstone's Commentaries on the Laws of England, a court is constituted by a minimum of three parties: the actor or plaintiff, who complains of an injury done
The sticks measure 4 3⁄4 by 1 1⁄4 by 1 1⁄4 inches and are typically sold stacked two by two in elongated cube-shaped boxes.
Its capacity to do so is much less because the Pb–Pb bond energy is over three and a half times lower than that of the C–C bond.
A string trio consists of three players, a string quartet four, a string quintet five, and so on.
In the nuclear industry, consequence is often measured in terms of off-site radiological release, and this is often banded into five or six-decade-wide bands.
By far the most popular of these is beach volleyball, which is played on sand with two people per team, and rivals the main sport in popularity.
Midnight is the transition time from one day to the next – the moment when the date changes.
Each team consists of six players.
This has two main benefits for law enforcement.
To meet the fast pace of demands, some manufacturers now offer made-to-order bikinis ready in as few as seven minutes.
The Philippines has three metropolises as defined by the National Economic and Development Authority.
The Reception of the Ambassadors From Siam at the Château de Fontainebleau was one such example, documented by Jean-Léon Gérôme in 1864.
He discovered that Maya refugees, who ranged from six to twelve years old, were significantly taller than their Guatemalan counterparts.
If they decide to bury the body in the ground, three people from the family sprinkle dirt on the coffin three times.
The Wailers disbanded in 1974, with each of the three main members pursuing a solo career.
Campbell's dwarf hamsters tend to have four to eight pups in a litter, but can have up to 13.
There are several extinct volcanoes on Mars, four of which are vast shield volcanoes far bigger than any on Earth.
If the lift is a detachable chairlift, it is typically referred to as a “high-speed” lift, which results in a “high-speed quad” or “high-speed six pack”.
A coterie often consists of an adult male, three or four adult females, several nonbreeding yearlings, and the current year's offspring.
The number of cubs born can vary from one to eight, though the common number is three to five.
Again there are four bodies: the working body, the hot reservoir, the cold reservoir, and the work reservoir.
In the seven major crime categories tracked by the system, overall crime has declined by more than 75% since 1990, and year-to-date statistics through May 2009 show continuing declines.
The latter two are the most common.
Of a study of 518 cyclists, a large majority reported at least one overuse injury, with over one third requiring medical treatment.
Carpenter and Westley began to mass-produce the kaleidoscope, invented by Sir David Brewster in 1817, and had sold over 200,000 items within three months in London and Paris.
There are at least four ways to remove condensed water from the air conditioner.
In most confections, a combination of different sugars is used, each of which influence the solubility concentration of one another.
For example, California reciprocates with Arizona, Nevada, and Utah on the condition that licenses are in good standing and have been held at the other state for five years.
The Wii introduced the Wii Remote controller, which can be used as a handheld pointing device and which detects movement in three dimensions.
Finally, detailed investigations to settle the matter were carried out in two separate botanical surveys in Ireland, one in 1893 and the other in 1988.
Established plants should be replaced every three years, or sooner if there are signs of disease.
One simple theory is that it is a form of bowing, indicating that one is prepared to accept what another person is saying or requesting.
The Chesapeake Bayhawks, who have played in the Annapolis–Baltimore–Washington, DC area since 2001, are the most successful franchise with five championships.
In one ancient form of dueling, two warriors wielded a knife in the right hand while their left hands were tied together.
In Judaism, marriage is based on the laws of the Torah and is a contractual bond between spouses in which the spouses dedicate to be exclusive to one another.
Since 2010, seven people have been executed in India.
The main three are deaths per billion passenger-journeys, deaths per billion passenger-hours and deaths per billion passenger-kilometers.
The three species of vampire bats are all endemic to Latin America, and there is no evidence to suggest that they had any Old World relatives within human memory.
In Pakistan, 12-year school is categorized in three stages: Primary school, Secondary school and Higher Secondary school.
Its four strings are usually tuned in perfect fifths: from low to high, C2, G2, D3 and A3, an octave lower than the viola.
In areas prone to urban flooding, one solution is the repair and expansion of man-made sewer systems and stormwater infrastructure.
When the transmitters are set up for two mono mixes, one transmitter can be used for two different mixes.
A predator can be defined to differ from a parasitoid in two ways: it kills its prey immediately
Avocados can be propagated by seed, taking roughly four to six years to bear fruit, although in some cases seedlings can take 10 years to come into bearing.
When worn together, the two rings look like one piece of jewelry.
Of the six extinct species, five went extinct in the Quaternary extinction event.
Bitch otters reach sexual maturity at approximately two years of age and males at approximately three years.
Japan's legislative body is the National Diet, a bicameral body comprising the lower House of Representatives with 465 seats, elected by popular vote every four years or when dissolved
Normally, the translator has between five and seven days to hand over the translation of a 90-minute programme.
In a torque-controlled drill, for instance, one shaft is driven by a motor and the other drives a drill chuck.
This is often measured in 'beats per minute' : 60 bpm means a speed of one beat per second, a frequency of 1 Hz.
There must be at least two, and no more than ten 0's between each 1, which is defined by the length of the pit.
If trails have inadequate drainage, three issues may occur: First, water may accumulate on flat terrain to the point that the trail becomes unusable.
This causes the effect in one eye to carry over to the other.
In sports, dribbling is maneuvering a ball by one player while moving in a given direction, avoiding defenders' attempts to intercept the ball.
If after four more minutes, they are still deadlocked, they may have a second break, after which they start from the beginning.
When two American Catholic priests from distinctly different backgrounds met in Montreal in 1910, they discovered they had one thing in common.
Biologists characterize beards as a secondary sexual characteristic because they are unique to one sex, yet do not play a direct role in reproduction.
However, the earliest evidence of the act of painting has been discovered in two rock-shelters in Arnhem Land, in northern Australia.
If one wing is surgically removed early on, the other three will grow to a larger size.
So in 9-point type, an em dash is nine points wide, while in 24-point type the em dash is 24 points wide.
Tricycles are typically used by children between the ages of two and five, after which point they usually switch to a bicycle, often with training wheels .
Turkish basketball club Fenerbahçe played the Final of the EuroLeague in three consecutive seasons , becoming the European champions in 2017 and runners-up in 2016 and 2018.
Within a decade, three new flavors, chocolate , cherry, and peach, were added, and the brand was launched in Canada.
If adopted, the two higher-placed clubs in the play-offs would have enjoyed first-round byes and home advantage in the semi-finals.
Babe Ruth's career total of 714 would have been one higher had that rule not been in effect in the early part of his career.
They could be one-piece or two separate garments, one for each leg, attached at the waist with buttons or laces.
It's a much more nuanced transition that takes place over three decades."
It is likely these represent the first of three major waves of migrations into North America.
A day may consist of the period between sunrise and sunset, with a following period of night, or it may be a period between successive events such as two sunsets.
Additionally, many local rescue teams have one or more disaster units which can be called in case of major flooding anywhere in the country.
The chariot has two wheels and each wheel has about eight spokes.
Wedge: An iceberg with a steep edge on one side and a slope on the opposite side.
There are three styles of Venetian rowing, each slightly different.
According to Kabbalah, there are four worlds and our world is the last world: the world of action .
The skin of the lip, with three to five cellular layers, is very thin compared to typical face skin, which has up to 16 layers.
The blade may be edged on one or both sides, and was made from copper alloy, bronze, iron, or blue steel.
It scored two weeks at number one in the Billboard Dance chart, and was number 2 in the UK Singles Chart during the summer of 1983.
Raccoons are noted for their intelligence, with studies showing that they are able to remember the solution to tasks for at least three years.
Young women who desire to serve as missionaries can serve starting at the age of nineteen, for one and a half years.
In high-income and middle income countries nearly half up to more than two thirds of all people live beyond the age of 70 and predominantly die of chronic diseases.
But despite four voyages to the Americas, Columbus never believed he had reached a new continent—he always thought it was part of Asia.
There are four main types of mechanoreceptors in the glabrous skin of humans: Pacinian corpuscles, Meissner's corpuscles, Merkel's discs, and Ruffini corpuscles.
In Singapore, 40% of children from birth to three years old are cared by their grandparents and this percentage is still increasing.
In a study in southern Texas during the mating seasons from 1990 to 1992, about one third of all females mated with more than one male.
These seed pods are roughly a third of an inch by six inches, and brownish red to black when ripe.
Human eyes have color receptors known as cone cells, of which there are three types.
It can be done to the front with either or both legs elevated, or in a straddle split with one or both legs elevated.
Upon dissection, the duodenum may appear to be a unified organ, but it is divided into four segments based upon function, location, and internal anatomy.
These races are often conducted over long distances, at least 1,000 km , and cars are driven by teams of two or more drivers, switching every few hours.
In the example of plagioclase, there are three cases of substitution.
A 2005 market report estimated the UK scone market to be worth £64m, showing a 9% increase over the previous five years.
The adjective "funny" has two meanings which often need to be clarified between a speaker and listener.
American high schools were introduced in the early 20th century to educate students of all ability and interests in one learning community rather than prepare a small number for college.
A density of four people per square meter begins to be dangerous, even if the crowd is not very large.
Seven-spotted coccinellids are red or orange with three spots on each side and one in the middle
The system features the Wii Remote controller, which can be used as a handheld pointing device and which detects movement in three dimensions.
Double-edge razors are named so because the blade that they use has two sharp edges on opposite sides of the blade.
These capitalize on the chemically versatile construct, which contains three functional groups: the aromatic ring, the hydroxyl group, and the double bonds in the flanking alkyl chain.
These three categories can be used to consider the implications of the reoccurrence of a particular sort of pottery in different areas.
In northeastern China's Hunchun National Nature Reserve, camera-traps recorded a tiger with four cubs for the first time in 2012.
In the study, one third of the subjects reported ingestion of psychedelic mushrooms was the single most spiritually significant event of their lives.
The number of rickshaw pullers had declined from 44,200 to 25,877 six months after the opening of the tramway.
The division into these two camps was partly the result of circumstances in which the games were played.
Arguably the most prestigious award in mathematics is the Fields Medal, established in 1936 and awarded every four years to as many as four individuals.
The heart has four chambers, two upper atria, the receiving chambers, and two lower ventricles, the discharging chambers.
Except in the province of Quebec and in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the insignia for a police sergeant is a three chevrons, worn point down.
Because of their large size, most obstacle courses consist of two or more inflatables connected together.
This rotation induces a centrifugal acceleration in the reference frame of the Earth which slightly counteracts the effect of gravity the closer one is to the equator.
A group of such cells is a tissue, and in animals these occur as four basic types, namely epithelium, nervous tissue, muscle tissue, and connective tissue.
Simple eyes are rather ubiquitous, and lens-bearing eyes have evolved at least seven times in vertebrates, cephalopods, annelids, crustaceans and cubozoa.
All but two of the Lok Sabha's 545 members are elected directly by popular vote
The system is ideal for conveying material from one loading point to a number of unloading points.
The history of the World is commonly understood as the history of humanity spanning the major geopolitical developments of about five millennia, from the first civilizations to the present.
Consequently, it is not uncommon to find Christians in a single city being served by three or more cathedrals of differing denominations.
Peck drilling involves plunging the drill part way through the workpiece, no more than five times the diameter of the drill, and then retracting it to the surface.
However, if one ball is charged by the glass rod, and the other by an amber rod, the two balls are found to attract each other.
There are three types of anchors, the Plow-style, the Fluke-style, and the Mushroom anchor.
For example, "Germany has about 80-year-round opera houses , while the U.S., with more than three times the population, does not have any.
This is compulsory and lasts twelve years: four years each of primary school, middle school and high school.
A foal that has been weaned but is less than one year old is called a weanling.
The number of eggs in each clutch ranges from three to eight.
The gestation period for a cow is about nine months long.
God sent three angels after her, who threatened to kill her brood if she refused to return to Adam.
A rickshaw originally denoted a two or three-wheeled passenger cart, now known as a pulled rickshaw, which is generally pulled by one man carrying one passenger.
Wolves become mature at the age of two years and sexually mature from the age of three years.
In a 1987 study of former Norwegian association football national team players, one third of the players were found to have central cerebral atrophy, i.e. brain damage.
The Roman Empire stretched further afield, but there was another great empire in Persia and a larger one in China.
In 1906, two French brothers, Jacques and Louis Breguet, began experimenting with airfoils for helicopters.
A litre of liquid water has a mass almost exactly equal to one kilogram.
Viscosity, a physical property, is a measure of how well adjacent molecules stick to one another.
Within these two types, there is still considerable variation, and even disagreements as to exactly how the stick is held in a particular method.
Here, two directional microphones are at the same place, typically pointing at an angle between 90° and 135° to each other.
The Security Council is now involved in the protection of civilians in five main areas of action.
The young hawk, while still in its fledgling phase, will leave its nest as early as six weeks old.
From 1983 to 2014, worldwide mobile phone subscriptions grew to over seven billion—enough to provide one for every person on Earth.
However, if death occurs three years or more after the original attack then prosecution can take place only with the Attorney-General's approval.
They consist of five petals, five stamens, and an entire calyx.
However, one study has demonstrated that an Australian bird, the chestnut-crowned babbler, is capable of using the same acoustic elements in different arrangements to create two functionally distinct vocalizations.
Insects have a chitinous exoskeleton, a three-part body , three pairs of jointed legs, compound eyes and one pair of antennae.
There are four types of divorce in Japan: divorce by agreement in which the divorce is mutual
In cross-section, the thigh is divided up into three separate compartments, divided by fascia, each containing muscles.
There are three layers of muscles in the abdominal wall.
Kittens generally begin to lose their baby teeth around three months of age, and have a complete set of adult teeth by nine months.
The book was self-published in 2011 after a crowdfunding campaign and was accompanied by a CD with the eight songs .
A full quesadilla is made with two tortillas that hold a layer of cheese between them.
When one experiences disgust, this emotion might signal that certain behaviors, objects, or people are to be avoided in order to preserve their purity.
About 1,240 animals were released in nine regions of the former Soviet Union between 1936 and 1958 for the purpose of establishing a population to be hunted for their fur.
Hamsters were domesticated and kept as pets in the United States at least as early as 1942.Other hamsters commonly kept as pets are the three species of dwarf hamster.
The five major producers accounted for 72% of total production, while the top fifteen producers accounted for 91% of total world production in 2017 .
Fender Stratocaster-type guitars generally utilize three single-coil pickups, while most Gibson Les Paul types use humbucker pickups.
Binary and multi-star systems consist of two or more stars that are gravitationally bound and generally move around each other in stable orbits.
Before the widespread use of elevators, most residential buildings were limited to about seven stories.
According to one estimate, "classic stranger abductions" accounted for only %0.014 of total missing children annually in the United States, or about 14 per 100,000.
There are three main groups of algae:Plankton are algae which are microscopic, free-floating algae.
Anthropologist Edvard Westermarck found that children who are brought up together as siblings are desensitized to sexual attraction to one another later in life.
This can happen for three reasons:Lowering the temperature of the system lowers the vapor pressure.
The Quran addresses the subject of non-Muslims, and particularly polytheists, in mosques in two verses in its ninth chapter, Sura At-Tawba.
With the addition of two South African sides in 2017–18, the league split into two conferences and expanded its playoffs to six teams.
As many as five toenails can be found on both the front and hind feet.
South Carolina is the only state that traditionally includes all four recognized barbecue sauces, including mustard-based, vinegar-based, and light and heavy tomato-based sauces.
Up to 2013, there were three nationally recognized accounting designations in Canada: Chartered Accountant , Certified General Accountant , and Certified Management Accountants .
In practice, the first three of these orders tended to be given together, and were typically applied to boys as young as seven.
Apprentices usually began at ten to fifteen years of age, and would live in the master craftsman's household.
A seven-point Likert scale is used to agree or disagree with five statements about one's life.
This is no longer used on the basis that, when the power supply is turned off, an electrical fire can fall into any of the remaining five categories.
Like the NHL, the Conference Quarterfinals consists of four match-ups in each conference.
When the number of particles in one excited state exceeds the number of particles in some lower-energy state, population inversion is achieved.
It takes about six months for the manufacturers to formulate and produce the millions of doses required to deal with the seasonal epidemics
They are also the most diverse of the three types of marsh.
To form an ionic bond, either a valence or bonding electron separates from one atom and becomes attached to another atom to form oppositely charged ions.
The four color phases range from dark brown to blond or reddish blond, though the most common phase is gray-brown, with reddish legs, ears, and flanks.
Sows attain sexual maturity at the age of one year, with males attaining it a year later.
Aside from the cube, the other four Platonic solids have 4, 8, 12, and 20 faces, allowing for those number ranges to be generated.
Four or five years of poor earnings precede five or six years of improvement.
In 2004, Egypt hanged five militants on charges of trying to kill the Prime Minister.
With the rise of the novel in the 18th century, the concept of the narrator made the question of narrator a prominent one for literary theory.
In addition, fellowships can last an additional one to three years.
In Orthodox monasticism after completing the novitiate, there are three ranks of monasticism.
Triple Action was the first game to feature just two flippers at the bottom of the playfield.
Pumps can be classified into three major groups according to the method they use to move the fluid: direct lift, displacement, and gravity pumps.
Most appear to belong to two major lineages, the protostomes and the deuterostomes.
On 29 May 1969, Wendell Moore died of complications from a heart attack he had suffered six months earlier, and work on the turbojet pack was ended.
They were generally printed on one side of a medium to large sheet of poor quality paper.
All four of these centers are located in the brainstem and work together to control involuntary respiration.
Ghosts reported in medieval Europe tended to fall into two categories: the souls of the dead, or demons.
A pitchfork is an agricultural tool with a long handle and two or three tines used to lift and pitch or throw loose material, such as hay, straw or leaves.
The risk of head injury is two to six times greater for snowboarders than for skiers and injuries follow the pattern of being rarer, but more severe, with experienced riders.
There are two kinds of SCBA: open circuit and closed circuit.
Foxes tend to have an average litter size of four to five with an 80 percent success rate in becoming pregnant.
Decapods have six pairs of mouth appendages, one pair of mandibles, two pairs of maxillae and three of maxillipeds.
Depth is used for the third dimension of a three dimensional object.
The major championships are the four most prestigious men's tournaments of the year.
The two outer funnels, which were six feet and eight inches long, were made of paper and connected to a tube inserted in each ear.
The caudal peduncle, to which the tail is attached, is quite thin, with three stabilizing horizontal keels on each side.
In summary, there are four different dates used by different Christian groups to mark the birth of Christ, given in the table below.
There are nine players out on the field at one time in fastpitch softball and 10 players in slow-pitch softball.
The metric system also includes the litre as a unit of volume, where one litre is the volume of a 10-centimetre cube.
The pair of films, Pokémon the Movie: Black—Victini and Reshiram and White—Victini and Zekrom are considered together as one film.
The middle ear includes the tympanic cavity and the three ossicles.
These two groups, before going extinct, were domesticated independently into two distinct dog populations between 14,000 and 6,400 years ago.
Two different light spectra that have the same effect on the three color receptors in the human eye will be perceived as the same color.
Cross-cut sails have the panels sewn parallel to one another, often parallel to the foot of the sail, and are the least expensive of the two sail constructions.
The adjective "cheesy" has two meanings.
Umber is a brown clay, containing a large amount of iron oxide and between five and twenty percent manganese oxide, which give the color.
In the spring of 1930, Carothers and his team had already synthesized two new polymers.
For example, the empirical formula of ethanol may be written C2H6O, because the molecules of ethanol all contain two carbon atoms, six hydrogen atoms, and one oxygen atom.
Most species hunt for three to five hours each day and nursing mothers up to eight hours each day.
It features eight regional teams from South Africa and is aimed at increasing the amount of playing time for players.
The muscles that cause the rattle to shake are some of the fastest known, firing 50 times per second on average, sustained for up to three hours.
While refrigeration slows this effect to about eight days, fresh spinach loses most of its folate and carotenoid content over this period of time.
Linen and cotton derive from two entirely different plants, the flax plant and the cotton plant, respectively.
Research is important for three reasons.1.
In San Francisco at least three series of parallel streets are alphabetically named, e.g., Irving, Judah, Kirkham, Lawton, Moraga, Noriega, Ortega, Pacheco, Quintara, Rivera, Santiago, Taraval, Ulloa, Vicente, Wawona.
Skunks have two glands, one on each side of the anus.
Levers attached to one side of the head are used to select different gear ratios to change the spindle speed, usually in conjunction with a two- or three-speed motor .
The monomyth or Hero's Journey consists of three separate stages including the Departure, Initiation, and Return.
In Hong Kong where real estate is at a premium, burials in government-run cemeteries are disinterred after six years under exhumation order.
Since laws in Ontario require ambulances to be retired after just four and a half years in service, the City of Toronto decommissions and auctions 28 ambulances each year.
However, Titanic carried only a total of 20 lifeboats, four of which were collapsible and proved hard to launch during the sinking.
For example, if the player is dealt 10–6 and 5–10, then the player can switch two cards to make hands of 10–10 and 6–5.
Melanocytes produce two types of melanin: pheomelanin and eumelanin .
However, "excessive speed" does not necessarily mean the speed limit was exceeded, rather that police determined at least one party traveled too fast for existing conditions.
There are three types of runways:Visual runways are used at small airstrips and are usually just a strip of grass, gravel, ice, asphalt, or concrete.
In some departments, a "squad" and a "rescue" are two distinct units.
Generally passenger elevators in buildings of eight floors or fewer are hydraulic or electric, which can reach speeds up to 1 m/s hydraulic and up to 3 m/s electric.
A tracksuit is an article of clothing consisting of two parts: trousers and a jacket usually with front zipper.
Co-teachers work in sync with one another to create a climate of learning.
The material may be the editor's own original work but more commonly, an editor works with the material of one or more other people.
The average gestation period is 42 days and females may have two or three litters each year.
In Euclidean plane geometry, a rectangle is a quadrilateral with four right angles.
The Egyptian pyramids were built using three of the six simple machines, the inclined plane, the wedge, and the lever, to create structures like the Great Pyramid of Giza.
Historically, a "ship" was a sailing vessel with at least three square-rigged masts and a full bowsprit.
The patterns are woven on the looms in long strips, about twelve to eighteen inches in length and from one half to two inches in width.
Soil texture is determined by the relative proportion of the three kinds of soil mineral particles, called soil separates: sand, silt, and clay.
A bay window is a multi-panel window, with at least three panels set at different angles to create a protrusion from the wall line.
In 2011, academic researchers estimated the overall energy used by the Internet to be between 170 and 307 GW, less than two percent of the energy used by humanity.
The game is played in three 15-minute periods with a variation of the ice hockey off-side rule.
Each team is allowed to have a maximum of four team officials seated on the benches.
The eight muscles of the human tongue are classified as either intrinsic or extrinsic.
The former employs a board with nine columns by nine rows, while the latter uses one with eight columns by nine rows.
Spermatogenesis in male giraffes begins at three to four years of age.
If one identifies with the victim of the violence, for example, then the act is terrorism.
Czechoslovakia had a national anthem composed of two parts, the Czech regional anthem followed by one verse of the Slovak one.
Other Indo-European languages outside the three main groups include the Baltic group , the Celtic group , Greek, Armenian, and Albanian.
Though most earlier designs used more than one main rotor, it is the single main rotor with anti-torque tail rotor configuration that has become the most common helicopter configuration.
By contrast, several countries can also use the same currency , or one country can declare the currency of another country to be legal tender.
The gravitational waves emitted during the collision of two black holes 1.3 billion-light years from Earth were measured.
A cocktail today usually contains one or more kinds of spirit and one or more mixers, such as soda or fruit juice.
Mayors in New Zealand are elected every three years in the local body elections.
In popular tradition, the invention and naming of the condom came to be attributed to an associate of England's King Charles II, one "Dr. Condom" or "Earl of Condom".
Although size is what varies most among different cappuccinos, there are two main ways of preparing cappuccino: one is the traditional or classical way with a cap of milk foam
Most iPhones were and are still sold with a SIM lock, which restricts the use of the phone to one particular carrier, a common practice with subsidized GSM phones.
There are two categories of controlled-access highways in Lithuania: expressways with maximum speed 120 km/h and motorways with maximum speed 130 km/h.
The whole process lasted up to six months.
Such taverns would be divided into two major parts – the sleeping quarters and the bar.
For any two objects in space, a line can be extended from the first through the second.
Nesting periods range from a few weeks up to six months.
The two species of the wildebeest are known to hybridise.
Tungsten carbideNormally, there are two ways to use tungsten carbide to make saw blades:Carbide-tipped saw bladesThe saw blade's teeth are tipped with small pieces of sharp tungsten carbide block.
However, there is often debate surrounding whether a coupe must have two doors or whether cars with four doors can also be considered coupés.
The Buyid bureaucracy was headed by three great departments: the dīwān al-wazīr, charged with finances, the dīwān al-rasāʾil as the state chancery, and the dīwān al-jaysh for the army.
According to Buddhist scriptures and commentaries, the robe dye is allowed to be obtained from six kinds of substances: roots and tubers, plants, bark, leaves, flowers and fruits.
However, there are two broad categories of labour law.
Netball is a ball sport played by two teams of seven players.
During the 1930s, the original art for a daily strip could be drawn as large as 25 inches wide by six inches high.
Sales for the top ten leading acne treatment brands in the US in 2015 amounted to $352 million.
At present the company uses ten thousand robots but will increase them to a million robots over a three-year period.
In the Danish military, there are two types of military salutes.
Widows were allowed to change into the colors of half-mourning, such as gray and lavender, black and white, for the final six months.
The Royal Navy commissioned five Holland-class submarines from Vickers, Barrow-in-Furness, under licence from the Holland Torpedo Boat Company from 1901 to 1903.
Kangaroos have single-chambered stomachs quite unlike those of cattle and sheep, which have four compartments.
Competition law, known in the United States as antitrust law, has three main functions:First, it prohibits agreements aimed to restrict free trading between business entities and their customers.
In France, for example, only one breed, the Baudet de Poitou, was recognised prior to the early 1990s
On the night of 14–15 November a Japanese force of Kirishima, two heavy and two light cruisers, and nine destroyers approached Guadalcanal.
It is possible to use these two locks together or separately.
This conveys matter from one place to the other.
In general, the examination should occur in the following three main planes: axial, oblique coronal and sagittal.
Ryan Kaji was among the first children to start making these videos in the US in 2015, when he was four years old.
Fresh cranberries can be frozen at home, and will keep up to nine months
It included six battleships , four heavy cruisers , four light cruisers, and 28 destroyers, plus a force of 39 PT boats.
Children younger than six and adults older than sixty are more sensitive to sunlight.
Four white-plumaged species tend to nest on the ground, and four brown or grey-plumaged species nest mainly in trees.
The Xbox controller features two analog sticks, a pressure-sensitive directional pad, two analog triggers, a Back button, a Start button, two accessory slots and six 8-bit analog action buttons .
The size of a trombone choir can vary from five or six to twenty or more members.
From 1933 to 2019, the two teams played in 16 postseason series against one another, including one Stanley Cup Finals.
A fighter who suffers an accidental low-blow may be given up to five minutes to recover, after which they may be ruled knocked out if they are unable to continue.
It is simply a combination, in various proportions, of two primary colors, red and blue.
They are made of two couples: the male stud couple and the female stud couple.
If there is more than one light source, there will be several shadows, with the overlapping parts darker, and various combinations of brightnesses or even colors.
The length of time generally required to obtain this degree is four years.
Most nations have at least one newspaper that circulates throughout the whole country: a national newspaper.
On time scales lasting hundreds of millions of years, the supercontinents have formed and broken apart three times.
A professional ensemble will typically only rehearse an orchestral work for two or three rehearsals which are held several days before the first performance.
They range from two to six octaves, and are plucked with the fingers using a similar technique to the pedal harp.
In this example, there are nine dots lying on a grid three dots across and three dots running up and down.
A parrot is found on the flag of Dominica and two parrots on their coat of arms.
Part of the Pacific Ring of Fire, Japan encompasses an archipelago of about 6,852 islands, with five main islands comprising 97% of the country's area.
As one moves closer to the upper left-hand corner, the preference for equality increases.
Chronic fatigue is a self-reported fatigue lasting at least six consecutive months.
The United States has the most tornadoes of any country, nearly four times more than estimated in all of Europe, excluding waterspouts.
From one perspective, cities are not ecologically sustainable due to their resource needs.
A train consists of one or more connected vehicles that operate on the rails.
In the case of shrimp capture, the bycatch is five times larger than the shrimp caught.
This means that the person is deemed to have permission to remain either for three months or for the period shown on his visa if specified otherwise.
Delayed onset muscle soreness is pain or discomfort that may be felt one to three days after exercising and generally subsides two to three days later.
The main problem with double-deck elevators is that they cause everyone in the elevator to stop when only people on one level need to get off at a given floor.
The day after his death, the remaining eight members of the band held a live, unmasked, press conference alongside Gray's widow and brother.
A clarinet is prominently featured for two different solos in "Breakfast in America", the title song from the Supertramp album of the same name.
Several prisoners stood side-by-side on a wheel, and had to work six or more hours a day, effectively climbing 5,000 to 14,000 vertical feet .
Trabecular bone accounts for the remaining 20% of total bone mass but has nearly ten times the surface area of compact bone.
Woods are typically sorted into three basic types: hardwoods typified by tight grain and derived from broadleaf trees, softwoods from coniferous trees, and man-made materials such as plywood and MDF.
These were sticks with one end made of potassium chlorate and the other of red phosphorus.
These two great legal traditions are similar, in that they are products of western culture although there are significant differences between the two traditions.
The Vishnu Purana refers to sunlight as "the seven rays of the sun".
A limerick is a poem that consists of five lines and is often humorous.
There are numerous subspecies of elk described, with six from North America and four from Asia, although some taxonomists consider them different ecotypes or races of the same species .
Pasteur suggested three methods to eliminate the micro-organisms responsible for gangrene: filtration, exposure to heat, or exposure to chemical solutions.
The solver is then asked to draw no more than four lines, without lifting their pen or pencil from the paper.
A few states consist of a union of smaller polities which are considered countries:The Kingdom of the Netherlands includes four separate countries: Netherlands, Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten.
Sailing boats with one hull are "monohulls", those with two are "catamarans", those with three are "trimarans".
Divided attention, the ability to pay attention to two or more stimuli at the same time, also improves.
This transformation produces three general classes of rock: igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic.
Ice piers have a lifespan of three to five years.
Two heavy cruisers , accompanied by six destroyers, attempted to intercept the convoy near North Cape after it was spotted by a U-boat.
Large bales come in two types, round and square.
In this environment, cooking onions have a shelf life of three to four weeks and sweet onions one to two weeks.
These foams are typically classified into two types based on their pore structure: open-cell-structured foams and closed-cell foams.
As equipment evolved and ski lifts were developed during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, two main genres of skiing emerged—Alpine skiing and Nordic skiing.
There are two basic approaches or philosophies, when it comes to budgeting.
The first three of the following list are solubility changes and the last three are structural changes.
Weaning starts between six and eight months after birth, and most calves are fully weaned after a year.
The difference between these certifications is primarily the legal status and the types of services provided, although individuals may earn more than one certification.
There are three parts to the head: the scoop, sidewall, and pocket.
Fur may consist of three layers, each with a different type of hair.
The area between the two extremes, where both the real and the virtual are mixed, is the so-called Mixed reality.
Most horses reach full physical maturity at about age five, and ponies are at their peak of athleticism and training at around age six or seven.
The country gained the hosting rights for the official Women's Volleyball World Championship on five occasions, more than any other nation.
Asian species are the most endangered, closely followed by the five endemic species from Madagascar.
This dessert consists of two halves of a banana, sliced lengthwise.
Weaning occurs at three to six months of age.
When two groups of hikers meet on a steep trail, a custom has developed in some areas whereby the group moving uphill has the right-of-way.
From summer 1931 until 26 June 1940, each Gregorian month was subdivided into five six-day work weeks, more-or-less, beginning with the first day of each month.
There are four reasons why this might happen:Thrombosis Embolism ,Systemic hypoperfusion Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis.
Shoppers once used an average of five sources for information before making a purchase, but numbers have risen to as high as 12 sources in 2014.
A binary star system consists of two stars that orbit around their common centre of mass.
The first example of such was the North American X-15 spaceplane, which conducted two crewed flights which reached an altitude of over 100 km in the 1960s.
Within speech pathology, the term vocal register has three constituent elements: a certain vibratory pattern of the vocal folds, a certain series of pitches, and a certain type of sound.
The two rear appendages are generally used to walk on the sea floor, while the other six are used to forage for food
It is based on the projection of one bone, the calcaneus or heel bone, behind the articulation of the bones of the lower leg.
In a period of six months, October 2018-March 2019, the social media website removed a total of 3.39 billion fake accounts.
John Stuart Mill, differentiated liberty from freedom in that freedom is primarily, if not exclusively, the ability to do as one wills and what one has the power to do
Back-to-back tandems are typically in the baby bucket design, but with two pairs of leg holes, one on each side of the bench.
In most fish, the heart consists of four parts, including two chambers and an entrance and exit.
At that time there were just three discrete continents: Afro-Eurasia-America, Antarctica, and Australia-New Guinea.
The large species take up to four years to attain full adult plumage, but two years is typical for small gulls.
Often harvested in October, bulbs are lifted in May and dried and heated to 30 °C for three weeks, then stored at 25 °C for 12 weeks and planted.
A helmet must have two ear flaps, one on each side.
As a result of the statement Nintendo's share price fell substantially, losing 17% in one day of trading.
Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope, a 2011 film about four attendees of the San Diego Comic-Con, including a cosplayer.
Many of the push-up variations can be done using one arm instead of two.
Moulting is annual in most species, although some may have two moults a year, and large birds of prey may moult only once every few years.
Flies have a mobile head with a pair of large compound eyes on the sides of the head, and in most species, three small ocelli on the top.
For a child to grow up emotionally healthy, the children under three need "A strong, reliable primary caregiver who provides consistent and unconditional love, guidance, and support.
Within those 25 years, the Leafs and Red Wings played a total of 15 playoff series including six Cup Finals
Clawfoot tubs come in four major styles:Classic roll rim tubs, also called roll top tubs or flat rim tubs as seen in the picture at the top of this page.
The Fibonacci numbers comprise the integer sequence whose elements are the sum of the previous two elements.
For example, in Los Angeles, this system results in runways 6L, 6R, 7L, and 7R, even though all four runways are actually parallel at approximately 69°.
As mentioned above, every triangle has a unique circumcircle, a circle passing through all three vertices, whose center is the intersection of the perpendicular bisectors of the triangle's sides.
The now-defunct Women's Professional Soccer used this format in all of its three seasons of existence.
The illusion of three dimensions on a two-dimensional surface can be created by providing each eye with different visual information.
Cars with five seats typically seat two passengers in the front and three in the rear.
The largest harpsichords have a range of just over five octaves, and the smallest have under four.
By the 1910s, the term had evolved to denote a two-door car with the driver and up to two passengers in an enclosure with a single bench seat.
As a result of the increase in demand, and the price that could be charged, Kenya opened three donkey abattoirs.
People used to die in large numbers and very rapidly one after the other because of diseases.
The original digital controller was then replaced by the Dual Analog in 1997, which added two analog sticks based on the same potentiometer technology as the Analog Joystick.
Some jumping spiders' visual acuity exceeds by a factor of ten that of dragonflies, which have by far the best vision among insects
Although overall they are more tightly textured and less sweet than U.S.-style doughnuts, they differ greatly in shape, size and taste from one region to another.
Although they advanced to their second straight Cup Finals, the Leafs were again defeated by the Canadiens in four games.
In this case the exact alignment of the three sensors so that the red, green and blue components of the video output are correctly aligned, is the manufacturing challenge.
This may be because there is a holiday season nine months before , or because the longest nights of the year also occur in the Northern Hemisphere nine months before.
In the late 1990s stainless steel came into vogue, and in 2009, one manufacturer introduced multi-color designs.
In one method of production, referred to as anhydrous, all waxes, oils, and pigments are mixed, heated, and agitated simultaneously.
Male cubs are excluded from their maternal pride when they reach maturity at around two or three years of age.
If one player has won six games and the opponent five, an additional game is played.
The researchers suggested the existence of four species, which have not exchanged genetic information between each other for 1 million to 2 million years.
This is the case in New York City, where the FDNY operates eight squad companies.
Although feathers are light, a bird's plumage weighs two or three times more than its skeleton, since many bones are hollow and contain air sacs.
The uppercase version consists of the two slanting sides of a triangle, crossed in the middle by a horizontal bar.
A male cannot reproduce sexually without access to at least one ovum from a female, but some organisms can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
After the then-existing species crossed the Bering Strait at least six million years later in the early Miocene, the center of its distribution was probably in Central America.
The quantity is expressed by identifiers, definite and indefinite, and quantifiers, definite and indefinite, as well as by three types of nouns: 1.
The idea behind space-time is that time is hyperbolic-orthogonal to each of the three spatial dimensions.
The five basic types of weld joints are the butt joint, lap joint, corner joint, edge joint, and T-joint .
It has two heads, the oblique head originating obliquely across the central part of the midfoot, and the transverse head originating near the metatarsophalangeal joints of digits five to three.
According to Dr. Susan Friedman, "Two dozen nations have infanticide laws that decrease the penalty for mothers who kill their children of up to one year of age.
Traditionally they were seven miles apart, but this depended very much on the terrain.
There are eight hypothetical subpopulations of Atlantic walruses, based largely on their geographical distribution and movements: five west of Greenland and three east of Greenland.
The council represented teenagers from 15 to 17 years old who have resided in their barangay for at least six months and registered to vote.
When first put on display it was visited by 1.6 million people in seven months.
Following a period as a novice, usually six months to a year, the novice professes temporary vows, which can be renewed for a period of years.
There were three general dinosaur faunas in the Late Cretaceous.
In those under five years of age, anti-leukotriene agents were the preferred add-on therapy after inhaled corticosteroids by the British Thoracic Society in 2009.
In 1941 the type of paper stapler that is the most common in use today was developed: the four way paper stapler.
They were powered by steam produced in 29 boilers, 24 of which were double-ended and five single-ended, which contained a total of 159 furnaces.
Two or more elements combined into one substance through a chemical reaction form a chemical compound.
It can include judging the merits of multiple options and selecting one or more of them.
Carrots are grown from seed and can take up to four months to mature, but most cultivars mature within 70 to 80 days under the right conditions.
In British Army and its colonial America forces, infantry companies usually had three officers and three sergeants, with the sergeants' primary role in combat being to protect the officers.
Harland and Wolff had to demolish three existing slipways and build two new ones, the largest ever constructed up to that time, to accommodate both ships.
However, tux is also an abbreviation of tuxedo, the outfit which often springs to mind when one sees a penguin.
Medications used to treat asthma are divided into two general classes: quick-relief medications used to treat acute symptoms
Earth has undergone periodic climate shifts in the past, including four major ice ages.
There are seven separate dimension of self-construal which can be found at both the cultural level of analysis and the individual level of analysis.
The common ostrich is the more widespread of the two living species, and is the largest living bird species.
Eastertide, or Paschaltide, the season of Easter, begins on Easter Sunday and lasts until the day of Pentecost, seven weeks later.
Five is also the only prime that is the sum of two consecutive primes, namely 2 and 3.
Scotch Whisky Regulations require anything bearing the label "Scotch" to be distilled in Scotland and matured for a minimum of three years in oak casks, among other, more specific criteria.
During King George's War, approximately 36,000 Americans served aboard privateers at one time or another.
There are 39 privately run children's charity homes, or orphanages, in the country, and the government operates eight of its own.
In children under the age of six the diagnosis is more difficult as they are too young for spirometry.
Augusten Burroughs' 2002 memoir Running with Scissors spent eight weeks on the New York Times best seller list.
When the climate cooled 1.5 million years ago and the first of four ice ages occurred, the forests retreated as the ice advanced.
In the 1930s, loudspeaker manufacturers began to combine two and three bandpasses' worth of drivers in order to increase frequency response and sound pressure level.
In elliptic geometry, an elliptic rectangle is a figure in the elliptic plane whose four edges are elliptic arcs which meet at equal angles greater than 90°.
The prototype was promoted in a campaign on Kickstarter the day of the news coverage, with a price of $10,000 for the first ten boards.
An early step was the fire chamber: the fire was enclosed on three sides by brick-and-mortar walls and covered by an iron plate.
During the fifth week the right bud branches into three secondary bronchial buds and the left branches into two secondary bronchial buds.
While a board may have several committees, two—the compensation committee and audit committee—are critical and must be made up of at least three independent directors and no inside directors.
Spiders have primarily four pairs of eyes on the top-front area of the cephalothorax, arranged in patterns that vary from one family to another.
In 2005, text messaging generated nearly 70 billion dollars in revenue, as reported by Gartner, industry analysts, three times as much as Hollywood box office sales in 2005.
Most offices and businesses run on a five-day week, though many stores, post offices, banks, and schools are open and public transportation runs six days a week.
In computing, a formula typically describes a calculation, such as addition, to be performed on one or more variables.
Horseracing has been a favorite theme for over three centuries.
For example, 6 + 7 = 13 can be derived from 5 + 7 = 12 by adding one more.
Sugitani managed to escape, but was caught four years later and put to death by torture.
In 1988, for example, Philip Morris purchased Kraft for six times what the company was worth on paper.
A median of a triangle is a straight line through a vertex and the midpoint of the opposite side, and divides the triangle into two equal areas.
In the Latin Church the initial level of the three ranks of Holy Orders is that of the diaconate.
Antagonistic interaction means that the effect of two chemicals is actually less than the sum of the effect of the two drugs taken independently of each other.
The design and planning process, including safety tests, can last up to four years for small turboprops or longer for larger planes.
The three most important ones are: bow speed, weight applied to the string, and point of contact of the bow hair with the string.
There is a heart with three chambers: two atria and one ventricle.
Patrick Roy has won a record three times, and four goaltenders have won the Conn Smythe as part of the losing team in the Finals.
Christian iconography sometimes uses the antelope's two horns as a symbol of the two spiritual weapons Christians possess: the Old Testament and the New Testament.
They are popular with urban and apartment dwellers, ranking among the top ten most popular breeds in 76 of 190 major US cities surveyed by the AKC.
Over the years 1994−2010, an average of seven in every 10,000 active paraglider pilots have been fatally injured, though with a marked improvement in recent years.
Subjects were presented with a grid of 12 letters, arranged into three rows of four.
Studies indicate that the onset of puberty has been one year earlier with each generation since the 1950s.
The funeral services may be divided into two parts.
In this game, a six is not better than a one, or vice versa.
From 1976 to 1997, 55 whales were taken from the wild in Iceland, 19 from Japan, and three from Argentina.
But if the pond contained a total of 120 fish from three different species, it would be said to contain three fishes.
For a while, the copper in US pennies was worth more than one cent, so people would hoard pennies and then melt them down for their metal value.
Several parallel blades can be operated at the same time by one handle.
Some protein shakes contain 80 grams protein per serving, almost equivalent to eating three 6-oz steaks per day.
If possessing the ball, players must dribble , or can take up to three steps for up to three seconds at a time without dribbling.
Ernst van Dyk has won the Boston Marathon wheelchair division ten times and holds the world record at 1:18:27, set in Boston in 2004.
Shifter karts have dual master cylinders, one for the front and one for the rear and are adjustable to allow for front/rear bias changes.
The Los Angeles Rams in Super Bowl LIII wore their royal blue and yellow throwback uniforms, which they have previously worn for six home games including a home playoff game.
However, egg and sperm production can begin to decline after three years.
When the route was established, four ships were assigned to the service.
Consistent with the lifecycle described above, bamboo is harvested from two to three years through to five to seven years, depending on the species.
The ability to distinguish between four different primary colours classifies them as tetrachromats.
Broadly, these include three main categories: strikers, or forwards, whose main task is to score goals
Pet goats may be found in many parts of the world when a family keeps one or more animals for emotional reasons rather than as production animals.
Euclid's Elements contained five postulates that form the basis for Euclidean geometry.
Such a pace meant that it would take as long as two months to travel from a home ranch to a railhead.
The body usually stays there for about three days, allowing time for people to visit and place gifts in the mouth.
Racquetball games can be played with two, three or four players, with doubles or singles matches being most common.
In 1938, President Franklin D. Roosevelt gave Thomas MacDonald, chief at the Bureau of Public Roads, a hand-drawn map of the United States marked with eight superhighway corridors for study.
The two major zones in which these ecosystems occur are in the boreal region and in the seasonally dry tropics.
Monotheists believe that there is only one god, and may also believe this god is worshipped in different religions under different names.
Representations of two intertwined serpents are common in Sumerian art and Neo-Sumerian artwork and still appear sporadically on cylinder seals and amulets until as late as the thirteenth century BC.
The three books of Meqabyan are not to be confused with the books of Maccabees.
The fruit should be refrigerated after cutting it and consumed in less than three days to prevent risk of Salmonella or other bacterial pathogens.
Each competitor in the final is credited with their longest throw, regardless of whether it was achieved in the preliminary or final three rounds.
The system weighs 1.2 kg , making it the lightest of the three major seventh-generation consoles.
For variants, the total number of squares may range from nine to one hundred and twelve.
The heart wall is made up of three layers: the inner endocardium, middle myocardium and outer epicardium.
Generally speaking, the mechanism for generating the human voice can be subdivided into three parts
They are prepared with two or three coats of gesso and are ready for use straight away.
King Herod orders the massacre of all the boys less than two years old in Bethlehem, but the family flees to Egypt and later returns to Nazareth.
In Northern Ireland, the six county councils, if not their counties, were abolished in 1973 and replaced by 26 local government districts.
This trope was also used in the episode of The X-Files "Arcadia" and on one level of the video game Psychonauts.
Racing takes place mostly at weekends and there is usually one meeting on a Saturday and one on Sunday.
Immediately aft of the turbine engine were four 400 kW steam-driven electric generators, used to provide electrical power to the ship, plus two 30 kW auxiliary generators for emergency use.
Since then, the number of described species has risen to over 1,200, traditionally classified as two suborders: Megachiroptera , and Microchiroptera .
Ukuleles commonly come in four sizes: soprano, concert, tenor, and baritone.
The following table is a comparison of the first three generations of Xbox hardware.
The celebration is celebrated on each of the archipelago's nine inhabited islands.
The lap of a parent or loved one is seen as a physically and psychologically comfortable place for a child to sit.
Termites are an important part of the diets of some species of Autarchoglossa, since, as social insects, they can be found in large numbers in one spot.
Each taxi carried five soldiers, four in the back and one next to the driver.
It is denoted by three chevrons.
Male dolphins typically mate with multiple females every year, but females only mate every two to three years.
These contain long hydrocarbon chains and a carboxylic acid group on one end.
Both sexes incubate the eggs, with incubation bouts lasting between one and four hours during the day and one parent incubating through the night.
The environment in which a child is raised accounts for only approximately ten percent in the variance of an adult's personality.
According to Vitruvius, the architect should strive to fulfill each of these three attributes as well as possible.
The program was abandoned after two years, and it was more than a decade before the legislative authority for its graduates to practice was put into place.
In 2009, Iran imprisoned three Americans for hiking across the Iran-Iraq border.
In general, humans can survive for two to eight weeks without food, depending on stored body fat.
Multiple pregnancies are much less likely to carry to full term than single births, with twin pregnancies lasting on average 37 weeks, three weeks less than full term.
Campaign planners incur two types of cost in any campaign: the first is the cost of human resource necessary to plan and execute the campaign.
A 2006 New York Times article outlined the economics of keeping pandas, which costs five times more than keeping the next most expensive animal, an elephant.
Lord's has hosted four finals of the Cricket World Cup, and is known as the Home of Cricket.
Berenson's rules were first published in 1899, and two years later she became the editor of A. G. Spalding's first Women's Basketball Guide.
According to some police reports, local incidence of reported crime often doubles or triples within three years of a casino's opening.
He argues, that death does not meet the first two criteria, even if death is a "deprivation of good things" and even if one believes in a painful afterlife.
Within five years the deep pinks and reds had begun to turn light blue, and by 1979 the paintings were ruined and had to be taken down.
Then place it, lit, under a thoroughly clean pan and make sure that the flame from the lamp is two or three fingers from the bottom of the pan.
The top three producers of mined lead concentrate in that year were China, Australia, and the United States.
The great majority of bony fish species have five pairs of gills, although a few have lost some over the course of evolution.
Depending on the species and life stage, preparing to feed can take from 10 minutes to two hours.
Europe's present shape dates to the late Tertiary period about five million years ago.
After three to six weeks, he travels to a pond and the eggs hatch into tadpoles.
Funakoshi had trained in two of the popular branches of Okinawan karate of the time, Shorin-ryū and Shōrei-ryū.
In Nazi Germany there were three types of capital punishment
Kangaroos and wallabies belong to the same taxonomic family and often the same genera, but kangaroos are specifically categorised into the six largest species of the family.
Qubits are capable of being in a superposition, which means that they are in both states, one and zero, simultaneously.
There are several styles of knotting, but the two main types of knot are the symmetrical and asymmetrical .
The blood supply of the scalp is via five pairs of arteries, three from the external carotid and two from the internal carotid:internal carotidthe supratrochlear artery to the midline forehead.
The first district created was the District of Keewatin in 1876 followed by four more districts in 1882.
An eyepiece consists of several "lens elements" in a housing, with a "barrel" on one end.
Drag racing is two cars head-to-head, the winner proceeding to the next round.
On 6 July 2005 London was awarded the 2012 Summer Olympics, making London the first city to stage the Olympic Games three times.
The iPad was released with three capacity options for storage: 16, 32, or 64 GB of internal flash memory.
At one time, all yeast-leavened breads were sourdoughs.
The Lenten period of the liturgical calendar, the six weeks directly before Easter, was historically marked by fasting, study, and other pious or penitential practices.
The sides, one affirming the resolution and one negating the resolution, then prepare an opening speech, a cross-examination of the other side, and closing remarks for the round.
The highest level of French rugby union, the Top 14, expanded its playoffs starting with the 2009–10 season from a four-team format to six teams.
Suspension: All four of the horse's legs are off the ground.
As a result, the price of a purple spoke of fabric was in excess of five times that of a plain spoke.
The United States is a federal republic of 50 states, a federal district, five territories and several uninhabited island possessions.
The phylogeny of the Caelifera, based on mitochondrial ribosomal RNA of thirty-two taxa in six out of seven superfamilies, is shown as a cladogram.
College games may be shortened to seven innings if one team's score is ahead by a minimum of ten runs.
Ticks can withstand temperatures just above 0 °F for more than two hours, and can survive temperatures in the 20–29 °F range for at least two weeks.
After only one year of developing the technique he earned a silver medal in the 1900 Olympics.
Buddhists usually recognize multiple objects of faith, but many are especially devoted to one particular object of faith, such as one particular Buddha.
At the beginning of each half-inning, the nine players of the fielding team arrange themselves around the field.
The IUCN Red List describes five species as 'Endangered' .
In 1999, two nine-year-old boys from Merrick, New York sued Nintendo because they claimed the Pokémon Trading Card Game caused their problematic gambling.
It is a comparing card game between one or more players and a dealer, where each player in turn competes against the dealer.
There are six primary channels: the Disc Channel, Mii Channel, Photo Channel, Wii Shop Channel, Forecast Channel, and News Channel.
If the two tributaries are of approximately equal size, the confluence may be called a fork.
Pointing generally emerges within the first two years of life, weeks prior to a baby's first spoken word, and plays a central role in language acquisition.
These are based on a number of criteria, of which the dominant one is the embryo-to-seed size ratio.
Nationally, the largest metropoles include Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong, the first four being the "First-Tier Cities" .
The phrase "speaking with a forked tongue" means to deliberately say one thing and mean another or, to be hypocritical, or act in a duplicitous manner.
In electronics, the relative phase of two sinusoidal signals can be compared by feeding them to the vertical and horizontal inputs of an oscilloscope.
They are elected every three years during the midterm and national elections, and they can serve until three terms of office.
A game of chess is normally divided into three phases: the opening, typically the first 10 moves, when players move their pieces to useful positions for the coming battle
When feeding, a koala holds onto a branch with hindpaws and one forepaw while the other forepaw grasps foliage.
Cement materials can be classified into two distinct categories: non-hydraulic cements and hydraulic cements according to their respective setting and hardening mechanisms.
The two incidents were well-documented.
Of the fourteen goals, seven were scored by shooting the puck and seven were the result of own goals.
Sports competition is generally broken down into three categories: individual sports, such as archery
Most wine glasses are stemware, that is they are goblets composed of three parts: the bowl, stem, and foot.
He divided the natural world into three kingdoms – plants, animals, and minerals – and classified each with the same hierarchy.
Apple claims that the battery for both generations of iPad can provide up to 10 hours of video, 140 hours of audio playback, or one month on standby.
Four out of every five crew members came from this town.
Of these more than three quarters are a result of coronary artery disease and stroke.
The World Polo Championship is held every three years by the Federation of International Polo.
Along with coconut and cane vinegar, they are the four main traditional vinegar types in the Philippines and are an important part of Filipino cuisine.
The remaining four transports and four destroyers approached Guadalcanal at night, but stopped to await the results of the night's action.
In Gemeinschaft und Gesellschaft , German sociologist Ferdinand Tönnies described two types of human association: Gemeinschaft and Gesellschaft .
This simplified equation is the one used to define the joule, for example.
These rides, instead of being powered by gravity, use one or more motors in the cars to propel the trains along the course.
The name of a wheat species from one information source may not be the name of a wheat species in another.
Broadly, merchants can be classified into two categories:A wholesale merchant operates in the chain between the producer and retail merchant, typically dealing in large quantities of goods.
In the discussion regarding the legitimacy of political authority, there are two beliefs at the respective ends of the spectrum.
The referee is assisted by up to six other officials on the field.
Their flesh and eggs can be eaten in the same way as chickens, young birds being ready for the table at the age of about four months.
Stitches are made by pulling one or more loops through each loop of the chain.
He was part of the first six Russians, with German Titov, Yevgeny Khrunov, Andriyan Nikolayev, Pavel Popovich, and Grigoriy Nelyubov, who were given the title of pilot-cosmonaut in January 1961.
The two most common types are the ring doughnut and the filled doughnut, which is injected with fruit preserves, cream, custard, or other sweet fillings.
Long rectangular strips were gathered on top of one another, holes were drilled through all the leaves, and the book was held together by string.
Racquetball has been included in the World Games on five occasions: 1981, 1989, 1993, 2009 and 2013.
After four shows, the band was fired because they were more popular than the acts they were opening for.
These air conditioning and heat pump devices move heat rather than convert it from one form to another, so thermal efficiencies do not appropriately describe the performance of these devices.
Each flower is about 2–3 cm in diameter with five white or pale pink petals.
All of these four new processes continue to be quite expensive due to the high cost of the necessary equipment, and this has limited their applications.
Early in their development Nissen anticipated trampolines being used in a number of recreational areas, including those involving more than one participant on the same trampoline.
This can result in a multiple-out play: a double play is two outs, while a triple play, a very rare occurrence, is three outs.
This new phylogenetic taxonomy depended on the sequencing of 16S ribosomal RNA, and divided prokaryotes into two evolutionary domains, as part of the three-domain system.
A forced marriage is a marriage where one or both participants are married without their freely given consent.
There are three basic tools of baseball: the ball, the bat, and the glove or mitt:The baseball is about the size of an adult's fist, around 9 inches in circumference.
The punishment derives from § 86a of the German Criminal Code and can be up to three years imprisonment or a fine .
In medieval Europe society was theorized as being organized into three estates: those who work, those who pray, and those who fight.
To the Greeks and Romans there were seven known planets, each presumed to be circling Earth according to the complex laws laid out by Ptolemy.
As of 2015, G2 has been produced in eight flavors: Orange, Fruit Punch, Grape, Lemon-Lime, Tropical blend, Blueberry-Pomegranate, Raspberry Melon, and Glacier Freeze.
There are four major categories of rice worldwide: indica, japonica, aromatic and glutinous.
There are four types of larvae, but all are balls of cells with an outer layer of cells whose flagellae or cilia enable the larvae to move.
Two of the extant species are native to Africa, and three to Southern Asia.
The fingers have two long flexors, located on the underside of the forearm.
This was the throne room, laid out around a circular hearth surrounded by four columns, the throne generally being found on the right-hand side upon entering the room.
Each section is commanded by a corporal , with a lance corporal as second-in-command and six riflemen divided into two four-man fireteams.
Philosophers construe this question as one about the ontology of concepts—what they are like.
In 1978, skiers from ten nations competed in the first World Barefoot Championships in Canberra, Australia.
It usually includes three or four courses: the first is an entrée of rice, noodles or pasta, but also may include a soup or salad.
The lute's strings are arranged in courses, of two strings each, though the highest-pitched course usually consists of only a single string, called the chanterelle.
The book of Psalms is arranged into five books, paralleling the Five Books of Moses.
Most packaging is designed to reflect the brand's message and identity on the one hand while highlighting the respective product concept on the other hand.
The gland is made of two containing chambers, one for hydroquinones and hydrogen peroxide, the other holding hydrogen peroxide and catalase enzymes.
Wheat flour, in addition to its starch, contains three water-soluble protein groups and two water-insoluble protein groups .
The pericarp is often differentiated into two or three distinct layers called the exocarp , mesocarp , and endocarp .
In an experiment, it was observed that one-third of a population of A. rowi in New Zealand under no environmental stress had ocular lesions in one or both eyes.
The fountains were fed by reservoirs in the upper garden, while the Samson fountain was fed by a specially-constructed aqueduct four kilometers in length.
Most influenza virus strains are not very infectious and each infected individual will only go on to infect one or two other individuals .
There were basically three different types of ships being used: standard sailing ships of several different types, clippers, and paddle steamers with paddles mounted on the side or rear.
The Niagara Falls International Marathon includes one international border crossing, via the Peace Bridge from Buffalo, New York, United States to Fort Erie, Ontario, Canada.
This is because the distance that particles can move without colliding with one another is large compared with the size of motions that cause mixing.
This can last from a day to four months.
Most are three storey brick structures with balconies on the upper floors.
The game included digital versions cards from the original set of cards and the first two expansions , as well as several cards exclusive to the game.
Thus combination chemotherapy is also called polychemotherapy, whereas chemotherapy with one agent at a time is called single-agent therapy or monotherapy.
If the boat is powerful enough, two or three people can parasail behind it at the same time.
By receiving the signals from at least four satellites a GPS receiver can calculate its position on Earth by comparing the arrival time of the radio signals.
Almost all amphibians, reptiles, and mammals which have fingers or toes have five of them on each extremity.
In order to focus on the understanding of specific problems in vision, he identified three levels of analysis: the computational, algorithmic and implementational levels.
In the nymphal and adult stages, ticks have eight legs, each of which has seven segments and is tipped with a pair of claws.
Some Christians claim monogamy is implied in the story of Adam and Eve as one woman is created for one man.
At the time of the First French Empire an English traveler to Paris remarked upon the "abominable habit of dining as late as seven in the evening".
Cults that teach and practice polygamy, marriage between more than two people, most often polygyny, one man having multiple wives, have long been noted, although they are a minority.
An open space that had three rows of chairs to the right of it and three to the left generally would not be considered an "aisle".
This has prompted much discussion about the relationships between these two languages.
Reptiles are tetrapod vertebrates, creatures that either have four limbs or, like snakes, are descended from four-limbed ancestors.
The Premier is the head of government, presiding over the State Council composed of four vice premiers and the heads of ministries and commissions.
They are usually made from a shoebox and contain a trompe-l'œil in the background contrasted with two or three-dimensional models in the foreground.
Helen Fisher, an anthropologist and human behavior researcher, divides the experience of love into three partly overlapping stages: lust, attraction, and attachment.
Pictures of Saint Patrick depict him driving the snakes out of Ireland with a cross in one hand and a sprig of shamrocks in the other."
However, East Asian eyelids are divided into three types – single, low, and double – based on the presence or position of the lid crease.
Some cockroaches have just six ganglia in the abdomen, whereas the wasp Vespa crabro has only two in the thorax and three in the abdomen.
It had carpeted floors, upholstered seats, and a wider selection of better quality drinks that cost a penny or two more than those served in the public bar.
There are three semicircular canals angled at right angles to each other which are responsible for dynamic balance.
The arquebus is then put away behind the back so that one weapon does not impede the use of the other.
Some females use one or both hands to focus the direction of the urine stream, which is more easily achieved while in the squatting position.
Some 80% of China's airspace remains restricted for military use, and Chinese airlines made up eight of the 10 worst-performing Asian airlines in terms of delays.
State Knighthoods in the Netherlands are issued in three orders, the Order of William, the Order of the Netherlands Lion, and the Order of Orange Nassau.
All three heads of the triceps brachii are classically believed to be innervated by the radial nerve.
In 2018, Oxfam reported that the gains of the world's billionaires in 2017, which amounted to $762 billion, was enough to end extreme global poverty seven times over.
In Switzerland, after the end of compulsory schooling, two thirds of young people follow a vocational training.
Of the 14,447 newly built apartments completed in 2009, only six were condominiums.
Passing plays were rare in the single-wing, an unbalanced power formation where four linemen lined up to one side of the center and two lined up to the other.
Because cognitive behavioral therapy is considered a short term therapy, the number of sessions for treatment normally ranges from five to twenty.
The endolymph is situated in two vestibules, the utricle and saccule, and eventually transmits to the cochlea, a spiral-shaped structure.
It may only be sold during a period of three days before a new year.
In one such study, conducted by Alexandra Horowitz of the University of California, the communication and attention-getting skills of dogs were investigated.
A double-decker tram is a tram that has two levels.
The three classical branches of art are painting, sculpture and architecture.
In 2007, two people were fined and jailed for a month after kissing and hugging in public in Dubai.
Unlike all trees, individual bamboo culms emerge from the ground at their full diameter and grow to their full height in a single growing season of three to four months.
There are three conditions that must be present for a company to engage in successful price discrimination.
There are, in fact, almost two trillion ways to lace a shoe with six pairs of eyelets.
Social behavior is behavior among two or more organisms within the same species, and encompasses any behavior in which one member affects the other.
Laminate: The snowboard's core is also sandwiched on the top and bottom by at least two layers of fiberglass.
They are usually played in sets of two to four with the fingers and palms of the hand.
Each of the four chambers has its own dedicated firing pin.
A recent study in 2016, reported that "of the 22 vulture species, nine are critically endangered, three are endangered, four are near threatened, and six are least concern".
Of the six extinct species, five became extinct in the Quaternary extinction event.
The division of Eurasia into two continents reflects East–West cultural, linguistic, and ethnic differences, some of which vary on a spectrum rather than with a sharp dividing line.
Many jurisdictions and sanctioning agencies also have a "three-knockdown rule", in which three knockdowns in a given round result in a TKO.
The formation of the Isthmus of Panama three million years ago allowed camelids to spread to South America as part of the Great American Interchange, where they evolved further.
Thus, at any one time, the type and state of the snow forming a layer have to be defined because its physical and mechanical properties depend on them.
In 1945, British science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke proposed a worldwide communications system which would function by means of three satellites equally spaced apart in earth orbit.
A ball that is hit under the bar is called a goal and is worth three points.
Within each of these three ranks there are found a number of titles.
The most common structure of a jig is two eight-bar parts, performing two different steps, each once on the right foot, and one on the left foot.
The picture to the right shows what may happen during the first two seconds of visual inspection.
Many females produce between one hundred and two hundred eggs.
The Indiana University Hurling Club won all matches of the tournament, and won by four points in the championship final to be crowned the first ever U.S. National Collegiate Champions.
More than 75% of these intact forests lie in three countries—the boreal forests of Russia and Canada and the rainforest of Brazil.
To create the illusion of movement, each drawing differs slightly from the one before it.
The systemic heart has muscular contractile walls and consists of a single ventricle and two atria, one for each side of the body.
In other words, about eight times more water could evaporate from the region than actually falls as rain.
In the past, some Arab winters lasted for more than six months and would be accompanied with lots of rain and fog, which made movement difficult.
PCB levels may be up to eight times higher in farmed salmon than in wild salmon, but still well below levels considered dangerous.
In the United Kingdom, two spheres are used, one sphere representing the body and one representing the head.
Five-a-side football is a variation of association football in which each team fields five players.
They can be dug anywhere where there is at least four feet of snow.
There have been three projects to create artificial islands needing more than 835 million tonnes of sand, which cost more than US$26 billion.
Austrian Rudolf Larisch, a teacher of lettering at the Vienna School of Art, published six lettering books that greatly influenced German-speaking calligraphers.
This can refer to a set of simultaneous offspring, such as the chicks hatched from one clutch of eggs, or to all the offspring, as with the honeybee.
The magnitude of the resultant varies from the difference of the magnitudes of the two forces to their sum, depending on the angle between their lines of action.
A variation of the single-spreader bar hammock has three attachment points, one at each corner of the spreader bar and one at the non-spreader bar end and is nearly untippable.
Traditionally, the law has divided conflicts of duty and interest into three sub-categories.
Males tend to fight in a vertical stance, while females fight on all four paws.
During the 10th and 11th centuries, the cathedral clergy became more definitely organised and were divided into two classes.
The first seven sets of ribs, known as "true ribs", are attached to the sternum by the costal cartilages.
Although barricade construction began in France in the sixteenth century and remained an exclusively French practice for two centuries, the nineteenth century remained the classic era of the barricade.
However, a year after entering commercial service, the Comets began suffering problems, with three of them breaking up during mid-flight in well-publicised accidents.
The production of nylon required interdepartmental collaboration between three departments at DuPont: the Department of Chemical Research, the Ammonia Department, and the Department of Rayon.
A delta tricycle has one front wheel and two rear wheels.
Family, neighbors and friends gather and pray during the day and night on those three days and nights.
There are four main strokes used in competition and recreation swimming: the front crawl, also known as freestyle, the breaststroke, the backstroke and the butterfly.
For example, Ancient Rome was built on seven hills, protecting it from invaders.
Third base is the third of four bases a base runner must touch in a counterclockwise succession in order to score a run.
In most insects, the thorax itself is composed of three segments
In a subtropical zone wetland, such as one along the Gulf of Mexico, a typical temperature might be 11 °C .
In fast pitch, the pitcher is allowed to take one step back prior to releasing the ball during the forward movement.
Bullying is divided into four basic types of abuse – psychological , verbal, physical, and cyber.
On 1 June 2016 the International Olympic Committee's executive board announced they were supporting the inclusion of all five sports for inclusion in the 2020 Games.
The kitten remains on the mother's milk until around eight weeks of age when weaning is complete and a diet of solid food is the primary food source.
This stage can begin as early as nine months old depending on the child and environment.
Many great players employ a combination of two or even three different styles.
As of 2009, the spray-on condom was not going to market because the drying time could not be reduced below two to three minutes.
Many museums that are members of ACM offer reciprocal memberships, allowing members of one museum to visit all the others for free.
The fruits require five to six weeks to develop, but around six months to mature.
Although these two methods of torture were used in the west and the east, Russia implemented a system of fines payable for the crime of witchcraft during the seventeenth century.
Excluding grommets, a hookah consists of a number of components, four of which are essential for its operation.
In the third league, the sides compete for the Championship Shield, with the top four teams after the round-robin phase entering a knockout playoff for the Shield.
The three largest airlines in the world by passengers carried are U.S.-based
In infantry units, rifle platoons are generally made up of five squads.
Depending on the academic source, there are three or four main groups of clays: kaolinite, montmorillonite-smectite, illite, and chlorite.
Multiplayer arcade games typically feature play for two to four players, sometimes tilting the monitor on its back for a top-down viewing experience allowing players to sit opposite one another.
Doctors in the UK recommend three meals a day , with four to six hours between.
The four librarians responsible for establishing the Bibliotheca Universalis are important figures in librarianship.
The water was heated by a steam engine and in less than five minutes, up to eight prisoners could wash simultaneously with only twenty liters of water.
Some organisms exhibit whip-like appendages in their physiology:Many unicellular organisms and spermatozoa have one or two whip-like flagella, which are used for propulsion. "
There have been five main cholera outbreaks and pandemics since 1825.
The album was originally issued as a set of four 10-inch 78-rpm records.
A well-known Classical piece with a motif is Beethoven's fifth symphony, which starts with three short repeated notes and then a long note.
A penlight is a small, pen-sized flashlight, often containing two AA batteries or AAA batteries.
Style is used in two senses: It can refer to the distinctive visual elements, techniques and methods that typify an individual artist's work.
The Navy also has two Zumwalt-class destroyers, one fully active and the second undergoing weapons integration.
In British English, an infant school is for children aged between four and seven.
In ten years, Winnebago had grown from 415 employees to 1,252 in 1969 with over $3 million in sales.
The heaviest vehicle ever to leave the ground, the Saturn V rocket, was powered by five F-1 rocket engines generating a combined 180 million horsepower .
Being strongly intertwined with western classical music, the opera has undergone enormous changes in the past four centuries and it is an important form of theatre until this day.
Between 2000 and 2009, the average dropped to 25.8 and over the eight years after 2009, the annual average declined to 22.4 fatalities .
Writers may begin their career in one genre and change to another.
To highlight the issue, in 2008, 70 world records were broken in one year, and 66 Olympic records were broken in one Olympic Games .
The three crew members were accommodated in a fully enclosed cabin.
If a cigar is completely constructed of tobacco produced in only one country, it is referred to in the cigar industry as a "puro," from the Spanish word for "pure."
Had the Japanese destroyed the oil," he added, "it would have prolonged the war another two years."
The movement of a ship sailing on the waves has four degrees of freedom since it can also pitch nose-to-tail and roll side-to-side.
Females enter oestrus up to four times a year, and females are receptive only for a few hours in each cycle.
Rowing at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London included six events for women compared with eight for men.
Over the next 150 years, there were 11 more Acts of Parliament and eight commissions of enquiry on the subject.
Polynesian kite traditions are used by anthropologists to get an idea of early "primitive" Asian traditions that are believed to have at one time existed in Asia.
Children today are receiving cell phones at an age as young as eight years old
Within this chamber are the three smallest bones in the body, known collectively as the ossicles which include the malleus, incus, and stapes .
Glenn Kessler, a journalist at The Washington Post, awards one to four Pinocchios to politicians in his Washington Post Fact Checker blog.
The modifications were made following a failed rescue attempt in which Palestinian gunmen killed two soldiers who were providing aid for a Palestinian woman in Rafah.
Usually this task was done by girls aged eight to twelve, while the more complex jobs were given to older women.
Borrowed Light" has been given over 60 performances since 2004 in eight countries, recently in Australia and New Zealand, and most recently in France, Germany, Finland, the Netherlands, and Belgium.
They are also only permitted to wear one piece of swimwear
The fermentation process, which takes up to seven days, also produces several flavor precursors, eventually resulting in the familiar chocolate taste.
For example, H2O is the chemical formula for water, specifying that each molecule consists of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
There are three aspects to human creativity - Art, Crafts, and Science.
Wrestlers are promoted or demoted according to their performance in six official tournaments held throughout the year.
However, as a general guideline, the brim is four to seven inches in width.
John Kenneth Muir rated the film a mixed two and a half out of four stars, calling the film "a letdown".
Studying such material is meant to give one a richer and more sophisticated understanding of human beliefs and practices regarding the sacred, numinous, spiritual and divine.
In Australia, Pre-school is optional for three and four year olds.
The frame is put out into daylight, requiring a minute or two under a bright sun, or about ten minutes under an overcast sky to complete the exposure.
Some leagues play with a reduced number of innings or with a time limit, rather than the traditional seven innings.
Some four-wheel drive tractors have the standard "two large, two small" configuration typical of smaller tractors, while some have four large, powered wheels.
Exceptions are the black-backed woodpecker and the American and Eurasian three-toed woodpeckers, which have only three toes on each foot.
There are six categories within the SSC scheme: Dry Polar , Dry Moderate , Dry Tropical , Moist Polar , Moist Moderate , and Moist Tropical .
In game six of the 1964 Cup finals, Baun suffered a fractured ankle and required a stretcher to be taken off the ice.
In the first year of the play-offs in 2010, all eight teams started equal.
In line with the aforementioned article of the Turkish Constitution and related laws, the court system in Turkey can be classified under three main categories
In this classification, there are three types of market
There are three types of bamboo flooring construction: horizontal cut, vertical cut, and strand woven.
The entry level model had a MSRP of $999, costing significantly more than the average netbook, as much as three or four times more.
The federal government was reorganized into three branches, on the principle of creating salutary checks and balances, in 1789.
In 1999, the first Australian truffles were harvested in Tasmania, the result of eight years of work.
Butterfly knife: A folding pocket knife also known as a "balisong" or "batangas" with two counter-rotating handles where the blade is concealed within grooves in the handles.
In most cases, songs were recorded in one or two takes.
While butter made from pasteurized cream may keep for several months, raw cream butter has a shelf life of roughly ten days.
This work may include any or all of the following sub-specialities:A custom clothier makes custom garments one at a time, to order, to meet an individual customer's needs and preferences.
Scoot announced that it would launch flights to five more destinations: Harbin, Kuantan, Kuching, Palembang and Honolulu.
The two main processing methods, vacuum distillation and reverse osmosis, use large quantities of energy.
There are six different types of T-shirt quilts.
Worldwide, about 50 kg of plastic is produced annually per person, with production doubling every ten years.
A single-stage furnace has only one stage of operation, it is either on or off.
All in all, he had four walks interspersed among his four homers.
In general cultivation, cucumbers are classified into three main cultivar groups: "slicing", "pickling", and "burpless".
The style of formal dining changed drastically in the 19th century, becoming successive courses served one after the other over a period of time.
It is arranged in three, four, or five rows of small tight curls, and extends from ear to ear around the cheeks and chin.
While these three terms are translated in the KJV as "hell" these three terms have three very different meanings.
It is relatively easy for two or three artists to match their styles
Polyamorphism is a similar phenomenon where the same atoms can exist in more than one amorphous solid form.
Users who wanted the ability to speak to several different locations would need to obtain and set up three or four pairs of telephones.
In 1994, there was an outbreak of Escherichia coli O157 with 17 cases all occurring from the consumption of pre-sliced salami that was processed by one company.
The girls pray in the direction of the east at dawn, and in the four cardinal directions, which represent the four stages of life.
Each of the fly's six legs has a typical insect structure of coxa, trochanter, femur, tibia and tarsus, with the tarsus in most instances being subdivided into five tarsomeres.
Pliny, while not a botanist, dedicated six books of his Natural History to trees and woody plants, providing a wealth of information on trees and their uses.
In some cases a fissure is absent, or extra, resulting in a right lung with only two lobes, or a left lung with three lobes.
The three separate landraces were most likely to have already intermingled in pre-Columbian America and were described in the Florentine Codex.
The four fingers each consist of three phalanx bones: proximal, middle, and distal.
Smaller mobility scooters are typically three wheeled, with a base on which is mounted a basic seat at the rear, with a control tiller at the front.
A study of endocrine systems revealed that female hippos may begin puberty as early as three or four years.
The paddle is held with two hands, some distance apart from each other.
The Wheel of Wellness includes five life tasks that relate to each other: spirituality, self-direction, work and leisure, friendship, and love.
In all cases one road crosses the other via a bridge or a tunnel, as opposed to an at-grade crossing.
At the dawn of the 20th century solid cast steel anvils began to be produced, as well as two piece forged anvils made from closed die forgings.
When there are more films than one with the same characters, story arcs, or subject themes, these movies become a "series," such as the James Bond series.
These calendars were religiously and astronomically based, with 18 months in a year and 20 days in a month, plus five epagomenal days at the end of the year.
The greening of the desert remains an aspiration and was at one time viewed as a future means for increasing food production for the world's growing population.
Medial moraines are formed when two different glaciers merge and the lateral moraines of each coalesce to form a moraine in the middle of the combined glacier.
The antler was hollowed out at one end to create a socket for the axehead.
There are three distinct main uses of street lights, each requiring different types of lights and placement.
Like a circle, such an ellipse is determined by three points not on a line.
Because "love" covers a wide range of emotions and behavioral phenomena, there are nuances distinguishing the three terms.
One-handed tapping, performed in conjunction with normal fingering by the fretting hand, facilitates the construction of note intervals that would otherwise be impossible using one hand alone.
The five relatively short books of Song of Songs, Book of Ruth, the Book of Lamentations, Ecclesiastes and Book of Esther are collectively known as the Hamesh Megillot .
Despite gains during the last three decades, a gap persists in the enrollment figures between male and female players.
Round or cylindrical patterns are simple to produce with a regular crochet hook, but cylindrical knitting requires either a set of circular needles or three to five special double-ended needles.
The boundaries between the three types of segmental scripts are not always clear-cut.
However, the two therapies are approximately equal in efficacy at six months for decreasing the number of inflammatory, non-inflammatory, and total acne lesions.
Songs have three phrases: chirps, trills and buzzes, the former having "A" and "B" syllables.
In New Zealand, after kindergarten or pre-school, which is attended from ages three to five, children begin primary school, 'Year One', at five years of age.
Given proper care and growing conditions, coconut palms produce their first fruit in six to ten years, taking 15 to 20 years to reach peak production.
Holometabolism, or complete metamorphosis, is where the insect changes in four stages, an egg or embryo, a larva, a pupa and the adult or imago.
Exports to Europe from New World growers increased by 54% in the six years up to 2006.There have also been significant changes in the kinds of grapes that are grown.
Overtaking refers to a maneuver by which one or more vehicles traveling in the same direction are passed by another vehicle.
There should be four discs of a light color, usually yellow, and four of a dark color, usually black.
The British force that sank her was led by Vice Admiral Bruce Fraser in the battleship HMS Duke of York, accompanied by four cruisers and nine destroyers.
For example, flowers on eudicots most frequently have four or five petals while flowers on monocots have three or six petals, although there are many exceptions to this rule.
The franchise copyright and Japanese trademark is shared by all three companies, but Nintendo is the sole owner of the trademark in other countries.
Yet of the people who had dreams that apparently solved the problem, only seven were actually able to consciously know the solution.
The banjo is a four, five, or six stringed instrument with a thin membrane, stretched over a frame or cavity to form a resonator.
Pickles, known for his role in finding the stolen FIFA World Cup Trophy in March 1966, four months before the 1966 FIFA World Cup kicked off in England.
Three of the tracks were used to carry left, center and right audio, while the fourth track carried three tones which individually controlled the volume level of the other three.
Most deaths occur between six and 48 hours after the bite.
Like most arachnids, including scorpions, spiders have a narrow gut that can only cope with liquid food and two sets of filters to keep solids out.
Also, if there is no subwoofer speaker present then the bass management system can direct the LFE channel to one or more of the main speakers.
The terms "double dormancy" and "two-year seeds" are used for species whose seeds need two years to complete germination or at least two winters and one summer.
In general, this condition may have resulted from one or more of the following causes:an effort to erect a monumental building
After a further three to four weeks, they begin to eat solid food and grow adult teeth.
It had an extended grip that meant it could be used with either one or two hands.
The bones of the facial skeleton are the vomer, two inferior nasal conchae, two nasal bones, two maxilla, the mandible, two palatine bones, two zygomatic bones, and two lacrimal bones.
Game analyst John Madden is the only person to broadcast a Super Bowl for each of the four networks that have televised the game .
The wreck, then, contained 95 bottles of Juglar, 46 bottles of Veuve Clicquot, and four bottles of Heidsieck, in addition to 23 bottles whose manufacture is still to be identified.
James Pratt and John Smith were the last two Englishmen to be executed for sodomy in 1835.Despite the wide use of the death penalty, calls for reform were not unknown.
In January 2019, founder Mark Zuckerberg announced that he will spend $300 million in local news buys over a three year period.
Most leagues at the Triple-A, Double-A, and Class A Advanced classification levels include four qualifying teams which compete in two best-of-five rounds: semi-finals and finals.
Like all ruminants, sheep have a complex digestive system composed of four chambers, allowing them to break down cellulose from stems, leaves, and seed hulls into simpler carbohydrates.
U.S. President Donald Trump assigned at least five members of his private golf clubs to choice government jobs such as ambassadorships.
A deliberative assembly may form a committee consisting of one or more persons to assist with the work of the assembly.
There are two subspecies of A. sativum, ten major groups of varieties, and hundreds of varieties or cultivars.
In other words, the only coat of varnish with near perfect durability is the one stored in a vacuum, in darkness, at a low and unvarying temperature.
Such relays are often used in transceivers which combine transmitter and receiver in one unit.
In Norse mythology, the crowing of three particular roosters occur at the beginning of the foretold events of Ragnarök.
In 2014, four of the top five selling models in Brazil were hatchbacks.
A fire burns due to the presence of three elements: fuel, oxygen and heat.
As a sign of the popularity of the naming scheme, German dramatist and poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe composed four poems about clouds, dedicating them to Howard.
Typically, DJs perform as residents for two or three times in a week, for example, on Friday and Saturday.
Polymorphism is where a species may have different morphs or forms, as in the oblong winged katydid, which has four different varieties: green, pink and yellow or tan.
As of 2013, three turtle genomes have been sequenced.
The DualShock series consists of four controllers: the DualShock which was the fourth controller released for the PlayStation
Some touring bicycles have two: one at the rear, and a second in the front.
Reasons for divorce vary, from sexual incompatibility or lack of independence for one or both spouses to a personality clash.
In the late 1980s, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar kept four hippos in a private menagerie at his residence in Hacienda Nápoles, 100 kilometres east of Medellín, Colombia.
Silent strokes are estimated to occur at five times the rate of symptomatic strokes.
This reaches its most literal meaning in a trial by combat, in which each combatant champions the cause of one side of the trial.
A braid is a complex structure or pattern formed by interlacing three or more strands of flexible material such as textile yarns, wire, or hair.
Since then, razors with six and seven blades have been introduced.
Thus two people can view the same event and come away with entirely different perceptions of it, even disagreeing about simple facts.
The British air attack on the Italian naval base at Taranto sank one Italian battleship and damaged two more.
Three to four millimeters of the tooth is worn away by incisors every week, whereas the posterior teeth require a month to wear away the same amount.
A standard EATX motherboard will have two to four PCI-E 16x connection for graphics cards, and a varying number of PCI and PCI-E 1x slots.
Facebook took 29 minutes to detect the livestreamed video, which was eight minutes longer than it took police to arrest the gunman.
With the three outermost electrons removed, the radius shrinks to 39 pm for a 4-coordinated atom or 53.5 pm for a 6-coordinated atom.
After piercing the skin and injecting anticoagulants and anaesthetics, they suck out blood, consuming up to ten times their body weight in a single meal.
They have five hydroxyl groups and a carbonyl group and are cyclic when dissolved in water.
The three main parts of trees include the root, stem, and leaves
Minimum floors for a building to be classified as "Flats" is four, with a requirement for having at least one elevator or lift for buildings upwards of four floors.
The four tendons of these muscles converge to form the rotator cuff tendon.
In the United States, there is a recommended federal safety minimum of three seconds for yellow lights.
Depending on their primary skills, the other ten players in the team tend to be classified as specialist batsmen or specialist bowlers.
The segments of the body are organized into three distinctive but interconnected units, or tagmata: a head, a thorax and an abdomen.
The minor score of one point is used as a tiebreaker.
In Japan the Labour Standards Act of 1947 provides for an eight-hour work day and 40-hour workweek with at least one day off per week.
The orbits of the satellites are distributed so at any time at least four satellites are above the horizon over each point on Earth.
In general, there are three sectors of construction: buildings, infrastructure and industrial.
Currently, in the NRL, eight teams qualify for the finals
Ford formed its first passenger-vehicle joint venture in China in 2001, six years behind GM and more than a decade after VW.
In this version of the theory, that the closed polygon has three sides is said to be the "essential cause" of its being a triangle.
It typically has a small disc-shaped resonator that is placed against the skin, and one or two tubes connected to two earpieces.
Red hair appears in people with two copies of a recessive gene on chromosome 16 which causes a mutation in the MC1R protein.
A calculation is a deliberate process that transforms one or more inputs into one or more results.
Some studies suggest that girls having an older brother delays the onset of menarche by roughly one year.
Dippy Dawg made a total of four appearances in 1932 and two more in 1933, but most of them were mere cameos.
Today, many commercial albums of music tracks feature one or more singles, which are released separately to radio, TV or the Internet as a way of promoting the album.
They are diploblastic, having only two main germ layers, ectoderm and endoderm.
Chronic bronchitis is defined clinically as a persistent cough that produces sputum and mucus, for at least three months in two consecutive years.
On July 21, 1979, the top six records on the U.S. music charts were disco songs.
The only city in a developed country that will be in the top ten is Tokyo, Japan – 28.7 million.
According to Buddhist philosopher Dharmakirti, the mind has two fundamental qualities: "clarity and cognizes".
Scholars of terrorism refer to four major waves of global terrorism: "the Anarchist, the Anti-Colonial, the New Left, and the Religious.
It was a year or two after the article was published before it was in common use among fans at conventions.
There are three noteworthy Chinatowns in Africa located in the coastal African nations of Madagascar, Mauritius, and South Africa.
It is of higher purity and of greater value than the other three types.
One in five 40-something women are childless in Sweden and in Switzerland, in Italy one in four, in Berlin one in three.
There are three basic forms of lapels: notched, peaked, and shawl.
Within thirty years, Moravian missionaries had become active on every continent, and this at a time when there were fewer than three hundred people in Herrnhut.
Most virus species have virions too small to be seen with an optical microscope, about one hundredth the size of most bacteria.
After the dribble is picked up, the player has the right to another three seconds or three steps.
There are different positives and negatives for the two main types of stretching: static and dynamic.
After World War I, in which approximately one million Indians served, a new period began.
Another way to view the statement, "Lightning causes thunder" is to see both lightning and thunder as two perceptions of the same event, viz.,
In some cases, the full leg still grows, but in others it does not, although the frog may still live out its normal lifespan with only three limbs.
Shortly after, in August 2017, six people were arrested after being accused of 'trying to change lifestyles' by teaching Zumba.
With the contraction of the league to 15 teams for 2018, with one Australian and two South African teams being axed, the playoff format changed yet again.
The jian and dao are among the four main weapons taught in the Chinese and Vietnamese martial arts, the others being the staff and spear.
The unit's mission was to fight a rebel group called Simbas, who already had captured almost two thirds of the country.
Modern aerobatic kites use two or four lines to allow fine control of the kite's angle to the wind.
In 1994, near Eilat in southern Israel, researchers discovered the tracks of three wolves and one striped hyena, which indicated that they were moving across the landscape together.
The first lens, a frosted glass diffusing lens, diffuses the light into a uniform ball of light around five inches in diameter.
Of the two chiropractic colleges in Canada, one is publicly funded and one is privately funded .
It is the only one to survive into modern times.
Slipknot have been nominated for ten Grammy Awards and have won one.
The speakers produced sound levels of up to 100 decibels, and the demonstration held the audience "spellbound, and at times not a little terrified", according to one report.
The bass guitar is similar in appearance and construction to an electric guitar, but with a longer neck and scale length, and four to six strings.
At present, sword training includes the single sword, two swords, and the sword with a shield.
In a single day, at the dedication of the Colosseum by Titus, five thousand animals perished.
In the 1880s, material to be disposed of was divided into four general categories: ashes , garbage, rubbish, and street-sweepings.
The two competition lifts in order are the snatch and the clean and jerk.
The European Rowing Championships are held annually, along with three World Rowing Cups in which each event earns a number of points for a country towards the World Cup title.
There are three primary types of lightning, defined by what is at the "ends" of a flash channel.
Goldfish have four kinds of cone cells, which are respectively sensitive to different colours: red, green, blue and ultraviolet.
From 1989 to 2002, four times more money was invested in private biotechnology companies in America than in Europe.
The three types of pain receptors are cutaneous , somatic , and visceral .
Ephemeral plants are usually annuals that can go from seed to seed in as few as six weeks.
They migrated to South America about three million years ago during the Great American Interchange.
For instance, the number 3 can be represented as the class of all sets that have exactly three elements.
Early styles of karate are often generalized as Shuri-te, Naha-te, and Tomari-te, named after the three cities from which they emerged.
In its simplest, English-based form, it can consist of three to five courses, such as appetizers, fish course, entrée, main course and dessert.
The group stated that the $240 billion added to the fortunes of the world's richest billionaires in 2012 was enough to end extreme poverty four times over.
Some drums are made from beech, which has a tone between those of maple and birch, the two most popular drum woods.
The two departments, although different in nature, handle very similar concepts and have to work together to achieve the business' goals.
Also it revealed that 35% of men and 25% of women have relapsed more than four times after unsuccessful attempts to reinsert themselves socially.
There are four holes that represent the holes in the Lord's hands and feet.
Catfish are able to produce a variety of sounds for communication that can be classified into two groups: drumming sounds and stridulation sounds.
Typically, one or two credits are awarded for a 1st–4th place listing, and three for the Grand Champion.
A piece performed by two pianists performing together on the same piano is a "piano duet" or "piano four hands".
Bicycles allowed people to travel for leisure into the country, since bicycles were three times as energy efficient as walking and three to four times as fast.
Derby was a single United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency represented by two members of parliament until 1950, when it was divided into the single-member constituencies of Derby North and Derby South.
It originates from Poupart's ligament, the inner lip of the ilium, the lumbar fascia and the inner surface of the cartilages of the six lower ribs.
The first automatic partially reusable spacecraft was the Buran-class shuttle, launched by the USSR on November 15, 1988, although it made only one flight and this was uncrewed.
By the second century AD, the Romans were using green in paintings, mosaics and glass, and there were ten different words in Latin for varieties of green.
The holding power of this anchor is at best about twice its weight until it becomes buried, when it can be as much as ten times its weight.
The eggs take around two days to two weeks to hatch.
Currently, there is no system in place that awards only one state or national title.
These pans are most often made from metal, with or without a non-stick surface, and generally have six or twelve depressions or "cups".
In 2014, Syrians had overtaken Afghan refugees , who had been the largest refugee group for three decades.
It is the only layer of the three which is not seen in other parts of the digestive system.
Procter & Gamble is a leading exponent of this approach to branding, running as many as ten detergent brands in the US market.
The finished material is significantly less expensive than natural marble and four times stronger than natural stones such as granite or marble.
Modern farm tractors usually have four or five foot-pedals for the operator on the floor of the tractor.
For a killing to be considered murder in nine out of fifty states in the US, there normally needs to be an element of intent.
Some nests have been known to grow to over two metres in diameter and about three metres in depth.
There are three types of carpets: the loop pile carpet, the cut carpet and the structured carpet, combining the first two.
By 1976, the cost of the cheapest four-function pocket calculator had dropped to a few dollars, about 1/20th of the cost five years before.
This was the case at the Battle of Flodden, in 1513: the English field guns outfired the Scottish siege artillery, firing two or three times as many rounds.
In November 2013, the DPP requested a 15-member jury at the trial of three Anglo Irish Bank executives.
The Pillar of Islam calling for daily prayer encourages believers to pray to God five times a day in order to thank him for his goodness.
Hard ground can be applied in two ways.
Most bogies have two axles, as this is the simplest design, but some cars designed for extremely heavy loads have been built with up to five axles per bogie.
On average, five fatalities involve school-age children on a school bus each year
There are approximately six thousand different languages currently in use, including sign languages, and many thousands more that are extinct.
The Moon is visible for two weeks every 27.3 days at the North and South Poles.
The film received four Academy Award nominations in 2004.
The extraction of ancient DNA from dinosaur fossils has been reported on two separate occasions
It reaches maturity in five years and has a maximum recorded lifespan of 34 years.
As a noun in contemporary English, Wiktionary describes it as the collision of two bodies to produce a sound.
First of all, one has to decide, in any given work, whether one is mainly after similarities or differences.
It also added integrated 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi, TOSLINK S/PDIF optical audio output, five USB 2.0 ports and special port designed for the Kinect peripheral.
Barter, the exchange of one good or service for another, is a form of payment.
When supported by one leg, that leg is known as the supporting leg and the other as the free, raised, or working leg.
Since then, most consoles have been shipped with two or four controller inputs.
There are three basic types of pumps: positive displacement, centrifugal and axial-flow pumps.
High-dose cyproterone acetate alone reportedly decreases acne symptoms in women by 75 to 90% within three months.
Culture can be any of two types, non-material culture or material culture.
According to one authority, the crossbow had become "nothing less than the standard weapon of the Han armies", by the second century BC.
The Kepler-11 system has five of its planets in shorter orbits than Mercury's, all of them much more massive than Mercury.
Puppies develop very quickly during their first three months, particularly after their eyes and ears open and they are no longer completely dependent on their mother.
In some people, the body's mechanism for cooling itself is overactive—so overactive that they may sweat four or five times more than is typical.
Groups of orangutans and chimpanzees, in particular, may display large numbers of behavioral traditions, and in chimpanzees, transfer of traditional behavior from one group to another has been observed.
There are six main types of eye liner available on the market: each produces a different effect.
The Chilean variety is made of four parts pork to one part bacon and seasoned with finely ground garlic, salt, pepper, cumin, oregano, paprika and chilli sauce.
Harry Connick Jr. began his career playing stride piano and the dixieland jazz of his home, New Orleans, beginning with his first recording when he was ten years old.
Fonts covering the CJK characters usually include not only the script small ℓ but also four precomposed characters: ㎕, ㎖, ㎗ and ㎘ for the microlitre, millilitre, decilitre and kilolitre.
Some swimmers prefer to keep one foot slightly lower than the other during the start.
For example, six air changes per hour means an amount of new air, equal to the volume of the space, is added every ten minutes.
The forge fire in this type of forge is controlled in three ways: amount of air, volume of fuel, and shape of the fuel/fire.
Less than two years later, on 31 December 1813, the Westminster Bridge was lit by gas.
In 2010, the three largest exporters of rice, in decreasing order of quantity exported were Thailand, Vietnam and India.
The majority of adults have an average of two close friends.
Ducks generally only have one partner at a time, although the partnership usually only lasts one year.
Rotation of the Wii Remote with respect to the ground can also be calculated from the relative angle of the two dots of light on the image sensor.
By the tenth century, Baghdad had five more hospitals, while Damascus had six hospitals by the 15th century and Córdoba alone had 50 major hospitals, many exclusively for the military.
Half-time is the name given to the interval between the two halves of the match.
Even among speakers of one language, several different ways of using the language exist, and each is used to signal affiliation with particular subgroups within a larger culture.
These four characters meet at the top of a tall building known as "the suicide spot" and begin to talk instead of jumping.
At one time, Europeans controlled 85% of the world's land through colonialism, resulting in anti-Western feelings among Asian nations.
The ICC Women's Rankings were launched on 1 October 2015 covering all three formats of women's cricket.
Thus, wrestling starts in the morning with the jonokuchi wrestlers and ends at around six o'clock in the evening with bouts involving the yokozuna.
There are three weapons in modern fencing: foil, épée, and sabre.
In some works of Aristotle, the four causes are listed as the essential cause, the logical ground, the moving cause, and the final cause.
Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick.
Thus, even with the DH, each team still has a batting order of nine players and a fielding arrangement of nine players.
There is usually no half working day in the private sector, and people work in two or three shifts of 8 hours each.
In 2005, the International Women's Cricket Council was merged with the International Cricket Council to form one unified body to help manage and develop cricket.
Young chicks are brooded by their parents for about one or two weeks, and often at least one parent remains with them, until they fledge, to guard them.
Medieval and early modern tradition recognized only three professions: divinity, medicine, and law – the so-called "learned professions".
Empedocles argued that everything in the universe is made up of a combination of four eternal "elements" or "roots of all": earth, water, air, and fire.
Most vessels have a single propeller, but some large vessels may have up to four propellers supplemented with transverse thrusters for maneuvring at ports.
The two sections of the weapon are commonly made out of wood, while the link is a cord or a metal chain.
According to at least three authors , the stipulations of the hijab were originally meant only for Muhammad's wives, and were intended to maintain their inviolability.
No generally accepted definition of conversation exists, beyond the fact that a conversation involves at least two people talking together.
The new console, with a completely redesigned case that has a sliding door covering the disc drive , is 4.3 pounds, almost three pounds lighter than the previous "slim" model.
In fast pitch softball, the pitch is fast, there are nine players on the field at one time, and while bunting and stealing bases are permitted, leading off is not.
Women, trainees and solicitors who have been qualified for five years or less are more impacted, as are ethnic minority lawyers and lesbian, gay and bisexual lawyers.
Frozen spinach can be stored for up to eight months.
The lateral rays stretch over the cuboid bone to the heel bone and the medial rays over the three cuneiform bones and the navicular bone to the ankle bone.
The statue of the God is placed on a stone pedestal in the shrine, and one or more lamps are hung in the shrine.
A net is stretched across the full width of the court, parallel with the baselines, dividing it into two equal ends.
Because of this, there exist six witch camps in the country where women suspected of being witches can flee for safety.
Two numbers or sets of letters indicate a dyadic homopolymer formed from two monomers: one diamine and one dicarboxylic acid.
Humans acquire language through social interaction in early childhood, and children generally speak fluently by approximately three years old.
Divided shirt cuffs are of three kinds, depending on how they fasten:Button cuffs, also called barrel cuffs, have buttonholes on the one side and buttons on the other .
It competes with the 7-inch Kindle Fire HD and comes in two colors: snow and smoke .
According to all three, there are no circumstances in which, ethically, one may lie.
When three outs are recorded, the teams switch roles for the next half-inning.
North America is a large continent that extends from the tropics north into arctic areas, and has no major east-west mountain range to block air flow between these two areas.
From 2000 to 2004, the teams played four post-season series
He was kept hospitalized for three days.
Chinese classical music, the traditional art or court music of China, has a history stretching over around three thousand years.
The Hawaiian alphabet is sometimes claimed to be as small, but it actually consists of 18 letters, including the ʻokina and five long vowels.
But those three were a part of a much more impressive feat.
There were different types of wax in the Middle Ages, namely four kinds of wax , "ordinary" waxes from Spain, Poland, and Riga, unrefined waxes and colored waxes .
A similar grapefruit-sized globe made from two halves of an ostrich egg was found in 2012 and is believed to date from 1504.
In general, toy dogs produce from one to four puppies in each litter, while much larger breeds may average as many as twelve.
The hippocampus may be involved in changing neural connections for a period of three months or more after the initial learning.
When this tissue is metabolized, it yields more than one gram of water for every gram of fat processed.
Initially, moving organisms such as sharks and hagfish, scavenge the soft tissues at a rapid rate over a period of months, and as long as two years.
Juggling can be the manipulation of one object or many objects at the same time, most often using one or two hands but also possible with feet.
The Terrapins won seven consecutive NCAA championships from 1995 through 2001.
He walked on four pitches in the second inning of game 6.
Playpens were traditionally made of wood, and consisted of a flat rectangular platform, usually square in shape, with vertical bars on four sides, so that the child can see out.
Korea is bounded on three sides by the sea.
The effect can be amplified by attaching a plastic cup to one end of the Slinky.
Placards are required on all four sides of any motor vehicles, rail cars, and shipping containers loaded with hazardous materials.
They have a fast growth rate during their first four months of life: during this period, a pup's weight can increase nearly 30 times.
For example, one assumption is that predators have a linear functional response to prey: the rate of kills increases in proportion to the rate of encounters.
Often used as a demolition tool, they may be mounted on a hammer drill, jack hammer, or hammered manually, usually with a heavy hammer of three pounds or more.
Finding an adequate number of financiers, he purchased land from the Eaton family, and construction of the arena was completed in five months.
There are three types of scaffolding in Hong Kong: Double-row scaffold
To herd the cattle, a crew of at least 10 cowboys was needed, with three horses per cowboy.
Ford employs over 18,000 people and operates seven assembly or other plants in the region.
There are several common configurations that use the counter-rotating effect to benefit the rotorcraft:Tandem rotors are two counter-rotating rotors with one mounted behind the other.
Denver Community Museum – a pop-up museum that existed for nine months during 2008–09, located in downtown Denver, Colorado.
The fruit of a pineapple is usually arranged in two interlocking helices, Typically there are eight in one direction and 13 in the other, each being a Fibonacci number.
The structures were laid in groups of five parallel to each other.
Sometimes a new and popular application arises that only runs on one platform, increasing the desirability of that platform.
There are three factors that influence the pitch of a vibrating wire.
Nannies in colonial times spent their lives in the homes of their masters, often from childhood till old age, taking care of more than one generation .
Blacks outnumbered whites by about ten to one.
Temporary vows last one to three years, typically, and will be professed for not less than three years and not more than six.
Observed by humans since the dawn of history, the behaviour of ants has been documented and the subject of early writings and fables passed from one century to another.
In addition, the ATSB approved loan guarantees to six airlines totaling approximately $1.6 billion.
In many countries, several university degree courses are now available, including those on interior architecture, taking three or four years to complete.
Stations dedicated to news or talk content will often feature newscasts, or bulletins, usually at the top of the hour, usually between three and eight minutes in length.
Minivans typically offer seven or eight passenger seating capacity , and better fuel economy than full-sized vans, at the expense of power, cargo space, and towing capacity.
The surface area of the solid right circular cylinder is made up the sum of all three components: top, bottom and side.
The genitals of the cow are unusual in that the vagina is ridged and two large diverticula protrude from the vulval vestibule.
Any period of ten years is a "decade".
A variety of reticles, each appropriate for one stage in the process, are contained in a rack in the reticle loader, usually located at the upper front of the stepper.
In this study, two primary conclusions were reached:Five billion people worldwide lack access to safe, timely, and affordable surgical and anesthesia care.
India is a federal union comprising 28 states and eight union territories.
Muscles from the shoulder regionIn addition to the four muscles of the rotator cuff, the deltoid muscle and teres major muscles arise and exist in the shoulder region itself.
Vehicles include a basic air fighter, a bomber which supports up to three players, and a tank which supports two players.
A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total, and therefore receives an "incomplete" entry for the competition.
Approximately 46% of all migrated people have changed their residence from one city to another.
When the umpire blows the whistle to restart play, four players from each team can move into the centre third to receive the pass.
Globally, the two major driving factors of large-scale wind patterns are the differential heating between the equator and the poles and the rotation of the planet.
The Linnaean classification has eight levels: domains, kingdoms, phyla, class, order, family, genus, and species.
Basketball and ice hockey are the country's next two leading professional team sports, with the top leagues being the National Basketball Association and the National Hockey League .
Most pears are deciduous, but one or two species in southeast Asia are evergreen.
The six natural subspecies of Olea europaea are distributed over a wide range:Olea europaea subsp.
In the first seven months of 2010, fleet sales of Ford for the same period rose 35% to 386,000 units while retail sales increase 19%.
Finally, the board is covered in one or more layers of fiberglass cloth and resin.
The Bosphorus Bridge , Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge and Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge are the three suspension bridges connecting the European and Asian shores of the Bosphorus strait.
It has two drivers, with separate steering wheels for front and rear wheels.
While there is a well-known "bubblegum flavor" - which artificial flavorings called esters are mixed to obtain - it varies from one company to another.
Jockey briefs proved so popular that over 30,000 pairs were sold within three months of their introduction.
The number of chambers can vary between taxa, though most commonly they have three lateral chambers, three medial chambers, and one terminal chamber.
Based on the 2D inverted pendulum model of walking, there are at least five physical constraints that place fundamental limits on walking like an inverted pendulum.
The first six states to secede held the greatest number of slaves in the South.
For people with presbyopia and hyperopia, bifocal and trifocal glasses provide two or three different refractive indices, respectively, and progressive lenses have a continuous gradient.
One-handed, in which only one hand contacts the ground.
At least five days a week: evidence on the impact of physical activity and its relationship to health.
Children sometimes swallow small magnets from toys, and this can be hazardous if two or more magnets are swallowed, as the magnets can pinch or puncture internal tissues.
Sexual orientation has been defined as "an erotic inclination toward people of one or more genders, most often described as sexual or erotic attractions".
A monoplane has a single wing plane, a biplane has two stacked one above the other, a tandem wing has two placed one behind the other.
For two more days, Abraham was left hanging, while the priest argued with the city council that a true Christian should not be punished in this way.
Most domesticated horses begin training under a saddle or in a harness between the ages of two and four.
The French Navy also operates six Georges Leygues-class frigates and two Cassard-class frigates.
In Argentina, an address must be mailed this way:The postal code has been changed from a four digit format to an eight digit format, which is shown in the example.
While many companies would say that they do both, in reality the investment of time and money falls squarely in one approach or the other.
The first player to complete all three stages wins.
The two most common forms of execution in the Tang dynasty were strangulation and decapitation, which were the prescribed methods of execution for 144 and 89 offences respectively.
Access to the shrine would have been by a series of ramps on one side of the ziggurat or by a spiral ramp from base to summit.
A serving of three slices of bacon contains 30 milligrams of cholesterol .
At the beginning of the recovery phase of the one arm, the other arm begins its power phase.
This design is the newest out of the four in terms of form.
Art exhibitions may focus on one artist, one group, one genre, one theme or one collection
In addition to these individual events, four swimmers can take part in either a freestyle or medley relay.
According to legend, one 19th century attempt at curry resulted in the invention of Worcestershire sauce.
Those three classes are subdivided into many groups.
In the finished film, all four camera angles are shown simultaneously on a split screen, with the sound fading from one to another to direct audience attention.
These squads range from as few as three Marines to as many as eight , depending upon the weapon system with which the squad is equipped.
This was done as a barter agreement similar to the one in the USSR, however, Romanian wine would be sold in the United States instead.
Prospective British police detectives must have completed at least two years as a uniformed officer before applying to join the Criminal Investigation Department.
The two components were attached by a hinge in what became known as a clamshell design, with the display above and a physical QWERTY keyboard below.
Restrictions mean that the big three national commercial TV channels: ITV, Channel 4, and Channel 5 can show an average of only seven minutes of advertising per hour .
The palm has five bones known as metacarpal bones, one to each of the five digits.
There are generally three types of bow ties: the pre-tied, the clip on, and the self tie.
Improvement in skin hyperpigmentation is typically seen within six months when used twice daily.
There are five Lagrangian points in a two-body system.
An early historical account is that of Marco Polo , who travelled through Central Asia to China, crossing a number of deserts in his twenty four year trek.
Canal building progressed steadily in Germany in the 17th and 18th centuries with three great rivers, the Elbe, Oder and Weser being linked by canals.
Prior to surround sound, theater sound systems commonly had three "screen channels" of sound, from loudspeakers located in front of the audience at the left, center, and right.
Open market operations are one tool within monetary policy implemented by the Federal Reserve to steer short-term interest rates.
This allows for the most use out of the desk arrangement as you have the ability to utilize groups of two, three, or six students without moving a single chair.
In 2003, after outgrowing two other locations, the company leased an office complex from Silicon Graphics, at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View, California.
Under the 1988 Act, the mayor is also the councilman at large, serving a term of two years, unless increased to three years by a petition and referendum process.
The Standard Model groups matter particles into three generations, where each generation consists of two quarks and two leptons.
The robot can be ten feet wide and thirty feet long and can hold hundreds of different kinds of medications and thousands of doses.
Several South African, Kuwaiti, and other Muslim agencies are active in Mozambique, with one important one being the African Muslim Agency.
Thus, "a threepence" would be single coin of that value whereas "three pence" would be its value and "three pennies" would be three penny coins.
The earliest depictions of the violin family, from northern Italy c. 1530, show three sizes of instruments, roughly corresponding to what we now call violins, violas, and cellos.
To make a cat o' nine tails, a rope is unravelled into three small ropes, each of which is unravelled again.
Algebra studies two main families of equations: polynomial equations and, among them, the special case of linear equations.
Speech pathologists identify four vocal registers based on the physiology of laryngeal function: the vocal fry register, the modal register, the falsetto register, and the whistle register.
While a person can move backward or forwards in the three spatial dimensions, many physicists argue you are only able to move forward in time.
Double ended tubs – where both ends of the tub are rounded, as opposed to the classic roll rim tub, which has one rounded end and one fairly flat end.
Death results from the one or the other procedure, depending on the methods employed.
There are three basic flight conditions for a helicopter: hover, forward flight and the transition between the two.
There are currently at least six distilleries producing English whisky.
The shell of a scallop consists of two sides or valves, a left valve and a right one, divided by a plane of symmetry.
In August 2013, Facebook founded Internet.org in collaboration with six other technology companies to plan and help build affordable Internet access for underdeveloped and developing countries.
A gap of up to 13 mm is left around all four sides, and filled with expanding polyurethane foam.
Some rare jackets can have as few as two buttons, and during various periods, for instance the 1960s and 70s, as many as eight were seen.
Originally, at least five distinct regional styles of bullfighting were practised in southwestern Europe: Andalusia, Aragon–Navarre, Alentejo, Camargue, Aquitaine.
In Mexico, the donkey population is estimated at three million.
Wheels: Generally four wheels, two front and two rear.
It remains the most comprehensive and trusted English language dictionary to this day, with revisions and updates added by a dedicated team every three months.
Just as there are five elements, five directions and five colors in the Chinese world-view, there are also five seasons
Participants bid openly against one another, with each subsequent bid required to be higher than the previous bid.
These balls are made of two layers, with the cover firmer than the core.
However, sometimes it is necessary to exit onto a surface road to transfer from one freeway to another.
With two outs, the batter can attempt to run to first whether or not it is already occupied.
In Christianity, the vow has more weight than an oath when approached from the view that it binds one to God whereas the oath binds one to man.
The running score of each game is described in a manner peculiar to tennis: scores from zero to three points are described as "love", "15", "30", and "40", respectively.
A set of six engravings on the same theme, treated rather differently, were engraved by the French artist Jean Duvet in the 1540s.
According to one legend, Gorynych's uncle was the evil sorcerer Nemal Chelovek, who abducted the daughter of the tsar and imprisoned her in his castle in the Ural Mountains.
For beginners wishing to merely finish a marathon, a minimum of four months of running four days a week is recommended.
German Navy Operates three Sachsen-class frigates and four Baden-Württemberg-class frigates.
The tradition was introduced by the Portuguese who ruled Goa for over four centuries.
During the Battle of Midway, five aircraft carriers were sunk without either fleet coming into direct contact.
There are several types of squeegee, most of which are advantageous in two of three areas and disadvantageous in the last: cleaning time, effectiveness, and storage space.
The sport has four versions that have different sticks, fields, rules and equipment: field lacrosse, women's lacrosse, box lacrosse and intercrosse.
In the 1770s, cannon operation worked as follows: each cannon would be manned by two gunners, six soldiers, and four officers of artillery.
Each cowboy would require three to four fresh horses in the course of a day's work.
In one 2014 case in Niger, a boat was capsized by a hippo and 13 people were killed.
This consists of alternating rods of two different metals, one with lower thermal expansion , steel, and one with higher thermal expansion, zinc or brass.
The two instants when the Sun is directly overhead at the Equator are the equinoxes.
York experiences most sunshine from May to July, an average of six hours per day.
The lap portion is connected to a belt between the legs and there are two shoulder belts, making a total of five points of attachment to the seat.
Winning all three contests in one year is called the 'Triple Crown'
The effects last for two to six hours.
Originally these were often cross-peen hammers, with one round face and one wedge-peen face, but in modern usage the term primarily refers to hammers with two round faces.
These turtles swim using all four feet in a way similar to the dog paddle, with the feet on the left and right side of the body alternately providing thrust.
Another classification is according to the degrees of freedom allowed, and distinguished between joints with one, two or three degrees of freedom.
In the 1920s, they averaged just less than two hours, which eventually ballooned to 2:38 in 1960.
Each home screen holds up to twenty icons, and the dock holds up to six icons.
With one runner on base, two runs are scored and thus the home run is often called a two-run homer or two-run shot.
Across six continents, 150 countries now have rowing federations that participate in the sport.
The two main solvents for rubber are turpentine and naphtha .
Em dashes are often represented in British usage by a single hyphen-minus surrounded by spaces, or in American usage by two hyphen-minuses surrounded by spaces.
Mud that is mostly clay, or a mixture of clay and sand may be used for ceramics, of which one form is the common fired brick.
If a pallet does not need to be lifted from all four sides, two-way pallets with unnotched stringers may be used, with the additional benefits of added rigidity and strength.
Around one month of age, babies appear to be able to distinguish between different speech sounds.
A club that manages to win the Copa Libertadores trophy three consecutive times retain the trophy permanently.
These three can be found worldwide and each contains a different set of organisms.
Justice Harlan wrote for the Court in all three cases.
A video featuring the first two episodes, "Meeting" and "Wrestling", was released by CastleVision in August 1993.
The line dividing the service line in two is called the center line or center service line.
The ABC receives its funding from the Australian government every three years.
In English, for example, the words bat and pat form a minimal pair, in which the distinction between /b/ and /p/ differentiates the two words, which have different meanings.
Mozart also wrote for the viola in his, "Sinfonia Concertante", a set of two duets for violin and viola, and the Kegelstatt Trio for viola, clarinet, and piano.
They often have nylon walls, polyester roof, and a polyethylene floor, plus an awning at one or both ends.
For example, splitting a ten-foot 2×4 into two ten-foot 1×4s is considered resawing.
Thai has a total of 59 symbols, consisting of 44 consonants, 13 vowels and 2 syllabics, not including 4 diacritics for tone marks and one for vowel length.
Sea kayaks are typically designed for travel by one, two or even three paddlers on open water and in many cases trade maneuverability for seaworthiness, stability, and cargo capacity.
Accordingly, John Coltrane's "Giant Steps" , with its 26 chords per 16 bars, can be played using only three pentatonic scales.
For example, when building robots an engineering team will typically have at least three types of engineers.
A match is the best of three games.
It can be defined as a household's inability to access wealth resources that are enough to provide for basic needs for a period of three months.
Also, the sequence , which contains the number 1 at two different positions, is a valid sequence.
Most industrial and household bleaches belong to three broad classes:Chlorine-based bleaches, whose active agent is chlorine, usually from the decomposition of some chlorine compound like hypochlorite or chloramine.
Since its invention in 1868, the pepper mash used to make Tabasco sauce is aged for three years in previously used oak whiskey barrels.
Generally speaking, there are four different types of complaints that relate to intestinal gas, which may present individually or in combination.
Although it may be most often written as one word to distinguish it from the usage "land mass"—the measure of land area—it is also used as two words.
Most amphibians have one or two rows of teeth in both jaws but some frogs lack teeth in the lower jaw.
There are two methods of attaching hair to wigs.
Also, it gives a more balanced sound, because the two channels have equal fidelity as opposed to providing one higher-fidelity laterally recorded channel and one lower-fidelity vertically recorded channel.
During the 18th century, the price of admission was three half-pence, or the supply of a cat or dog for feeding to the lions.
Over time, the tonal range of the piano was also increased from the five octaves of Mozart's day to the seven octave range found on today's pianos.
His school was run by three generations of his family and dominated the art of European fencing for almost a century.
Originally designed as a lightweight anchor for seaplanes, this design consists of two plough-like blades mounted to a shank, with a folding stock crossing through the crown of the anchor.
For Arthur Schopenhauer, a judgment is a combination or separation of two or more concepts.
Some CNG vehicles have dual fuel tanks – one for gasoline, the other for CNG – the same engine can operate on either fuel via a selector switch.
In Maryland, under title 6, subtitle 2 of the criminal law code, the crime of burglary is divided into four degrees.
The invention of writing systems at least five thousand years ago allowed the preservation of language on material objects, and was a major technological advancement.
It is the basis of three Olympic sports: luge, skeleton and bobsledding.
There are also other choreographic variations—the dancers may be placed in rows with men on one side and women on another.
The Romans record that during battle, their Celtic opponents could only swing their swords two or three times before having to step on their swords to straighten them.
The first telephones were directly connected to each other from one customer's office or residence to another customer's location.
This is more than six times the amount spilled in the widely known Exxon Valdez incident.
There are now six classes open to both sexes, plus three classes for women and two junior classes.
Pagers operate as part of a paging system which includes one or more fixed transmitters , as well as a number of pagers carried by mobile users.
Taste can be objective in terms of the five tastes but it can also be subjective in terms of what we deem "good" and "bad."
Since the end of the eighteenth century, more than five hundred national referendums were organised in the world
Access consciousness is being conscious of something in relation to abstract concepts, such as when one says "I am conscious of these words."
There are three main types of abuses which are exploitative abuse, exclusionary abuse and single market abuse.
There are six main branches: two superior genicular arteries, two inferior genicular arteries, the descending genicular artery and the recurrent branch of anterior tibial artery.
Putting these pieces together, two numbers are used to specify the shape of the cutting edge of a gouge, such as a '#7-20mm'.
When one inhales through the hose, air is pulled through the charcoal and into the bowl holding the tobacco.
These figures are three orders of magnitude less than reported in the literature prior to 1988, indicating contamination problems with the earlier data.
Some legends include flight, invisibility, shapeshifting, the ability to "split" into multiple bodies, the summoning of animals, and control over the five classical elements.
The cubs can eat small quantities of bamboo after six months, though mother's milk remains the primary food source for most of the first year.
Counties are subdivided to municipalities, the two types of which are towns and villages, each one having their own elected mayor and council.
A pair of angles opposite each other, formed by two intersecting straight lines that form an "X"-like shape, are called vertical angles or opposite angles or vertically opposite angles.
However, the two levels of abstraction are not distinguished.
The game ends when one player wins by playing their last tile, or when the game is blocked because neither player can play.
In the Rigveda, the oldest of the four Vedas, Indra, the Vedic god of storms, battles Vṛtra, a giant serpent who represents drought.
The apex of a normal heart is in the fifth left intercostal space, three and a half inches from the mid-line.
Torches were usually constructed of a wooden stave with one end wrapped in a material which was soaked in a flammable substance.
As a result, there may be less need for a finer division between the two bloodstreams than in lungfish or other tetrapods.
The two main types of commercial grain crops are cereals and legumes.
A pedestrian island allows pedestrians and cyclists to cross one lane at a time.
According to local media, the recipe included eight tons of boiled chick peas, two tonnes of tahini, two tonnes of lemon juice, and 70 kilograms of olive oil.
Some species have six or seven arms and others have 10–15 arms.
A central area known as the vestibule contains two small fluid-filled recesses, the utricle and saccule.
The whole set of robots can be considered as one single distributed system, in the same way an ant colony can be considered a superorganism, exhibiting swarm intelligence.
It can be reasoned that one opinion is better supported by the facts than another, by analyzing the supporting arguments.
It is a long-lasting method, as hair in waxed areas will not grow back for two to eight weeks.
Some tournaments have two group stages, for example the 1982 FIFA World Cup or the 1999–2000 UEFA Champions League.
Bresaola is an air-dried, salted beef that has been aged about two to three months until it becomes hard and a dark red, almost purple, colour.
Humanist education was based on the programme of 'Studia Humanitatis', the study of five humanities: poetry, grammar, history, moral philosophy and rhetoric.
There are two main mechanisms used to generate mazes.
In retaliation a group of Roma, armed with hatchets and iron bars, attacked the police station of Saint-Aignan, toppled traffic lights and road signs and burned three cars.
While most violins have four strings, there are violins with additional strings.
They are able to move around one another freely, resulting in a limited degree of particle mobility.
In Renaissance paintings of the adoration of the Trinity, God may be depicted in two ways, either with emphasis on The Father, or the three elements of the Trinity.
The abbot will then perform the tonsure, cutting a small amount of hair from four spots on the head, forming a cross.
Japan has not executed juvenile criminals after August 1997, when they executed Norio Nagayama, a spree killer who had been convicted of shooting four people dead in the late 1960s.
By 2000, deaths by blowdryers had dropped to fewer than four people a year, a stark difference to the hundreds of cases of electrocution accidents during the mid-20th century.
NASA's Vehicle Assembly Building at the Kennedy Space Center contains the four largest doors.
If the listeners do not get the joke, they are not understanding the two scripts which are contained in the narrative as they were intended.
The male usually ejaculates three or four times within a single mating session.
In the Netherlands, many roads have one or two separate cycleways alongside them, or cycle lanes marked on the road.
There are five types of sleds commonly used today: runner sleds, toboggans, disks, tubes and backcountry sleds.
Each second, more than four million tonnes of matter are converted into energy within the Sun's core, producing neutrinos and solar radiation.
They consist of three rifle squads, one weapons squad, and a six-man headquarters.
Well-maintained clumps may have a productivity three to four times that of an unharvested wild clump.
Similar concepts were common through the 1940s and 1950s, differing primarily in the way they re-combined the colors generated by the three guns.
These chains can be single, where a tetrahedron is bound to two others to form a continuous chain
Some motorboats are fitted with inboard engines, others have an outboard motor installed on the rear, containing the internal combustion engine, the gearbox and the propeller in one portable unit.
The onset of pointing behavior is typically between seven and 15 months-of-age, with an average of between 11 months and one year.
In archaeology, the term tradition is a set of cultures or industries which appear to develop on from one another over a period of time.
There are four types of school buses produced by manufacturers in North America.
The beads were about one millimetre long.
The rule requiring a quarterback/tailback to be five yards behind the line of scrimmage to pass was abolished.
The privileges that they enjoy under international law depends on whether the conflict is an internal one or an international one.
Originally limited to four or five, this has progressively increased over the years so that, as of 2007, receivers typically have between 12 and 20 channels.
Bullying is a subcategory of aggressive behavior characterized by the following three minimum criteria: hostile intent, imbalance of power, and repetition over a period of time.
Attempts to understand and manage the mechanisms at work in floodplains have been made for at least six millennia.
It was banned in Sweden until 2007 when the ban was lifted but strict restrictions, including four three-minute rounds for fights, were imposed.
In order to find or determine such a time-standard, three steps had to be followed:An internationally agreed upon time-standard had to be defined.
In the US, 404 people became ill and nine died in a New York City hospital due to hospital-prepared mayonnaise.
This dimension is finite if and only if the space's Hamel dimension is finite, and in this case the two dimensions coincide.
A stereo microphone integrates two microphones in one unit to produce a stereophonic signal.
The first trams in Bendigo, Australia, in 1892, were battery-powered but within as little as three months they were replaced with horse-drawn trams.
Some electrics, especially those with odd-shaped bodies, have one or both strap buttons on the back of the body.
Assault is a misdemeanor punishable by one year imprisonment
Furthermore, food aid can drive down local or national food prices in at least three ways.
Singapore — A partial ban on firecrackers was imposed in March 1970 after a fire killed six people and injured 68.
From this perspective, the labels "sales" and "marketing" cover several processes whose inputs and outputs supply one another.
The burger weighs two pounds and the name is derived from the fact that the burger is unhealthy.
In such illustrations the four bits on the left end of the byte form the high nibble, and the remaining four bits form the low nibble.
Living giraffes were originally classified as one species by Carl Linnaeus in 1758.
During four months, the train carried 90,000 passengers on a 300-metre-long circular track.
It can be viewed from a number of tram routes, and is just one block from Southern Cross railway station.
Motorhomes can be roughly categorized into three categories:Class A A Class A motorhome often has a reputation for being the most luxurious and expensive of vehicles.
As the bodies were so fused together with the metal of the tank that they could not be separately identified, they were buried in one grave .
Roughly three quarters of the Sun's mass consists of hydrogen
The theatre of ancient Greece consisted of three types of drama: tragedy, comedy, and the satyr play.
The pool must have a minimum depth of two metres.
A dérailleur system normally has two dérailleurs, or mechs, one at the front to select the chainring and another at the back to select the sprocket.
It is sometimes called a three-headed muscle , because there are three bundles of muscles, each of different origins, joining together at the elbow.
At levels seven and eight, all of the ties are single matches played at the home ground of the team with the highest league position.
Naomi was angry with God after the death of her husband and two sons: "The Almighty has dealt bitterly with me.
Young orphaned kittens require cat milk every two to four hours, and they need physical stimulation to defecate and urinate.
The other nine players in the batting team are off the field in the pavilion.
It will now need to prove it can provide up to seven return trips per day.
Then add ten or twelve egg yolks.
When used twice a day, whitening toothpaste typically takes two to four weeks to make teeth appear whiter.
The global credit market is three times the size of global equity.
The appointed jurymen are divided into two groups, in most counties the first with sixteen members and the second with eight.
Potholes may result from four main causes:1.
They belong to eight or nine species, depending on the taxonomic school.
In Nepal 12-year school is categorized in three stages: Primary school, Secondary school and Higher Secondary school.
By the 8th century there is evidence of the wearing in Europe of two layers of trousers, especially among upper-class males.
If and only if three pairs of corresponding sides of two triangles are all in the same proportion, then the triangles are similar.
The recipe often takes fewer than five minutes to prepare.
In February 1962, Marley recorded four songs, "Judge Not", "One Cup of Coffee", "Do You Still Love Me?"
More than ten people shared each toilet and they used them for bathing, doing their laundry as well as going to the toilet.
The Hunt of the Unicorn is a seven piece tapestry from 1495 to 1505, currently displayed at The Cloisters, Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
The effectiveness of condoms, as of most forms of contraception, can be assessed two ways.
After all four debaters have spoken, the debate will be opened to the floor, in which members of the audience will put questions to the teams.
The world's first three ski chairlifts were created for the ski resort in Sun Valley, Idaho in 1936 and 1937, then owned by the Union Pacific Railroad.
Since the Cambrian explosion there have been five distinctly identifiable mass extinctions.
There has been only one controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of magic mouthwash
Shakespeare's best-known love story Romeo and Juliet, for example, written in a variety of poetic forms, has been performed in innumerable theaters and made into at least eight cinematic versions.
It is also the location of four 16th-century Spanish galleons.
In the Beatles song "She's Leaving Home" fun is called "the one thing that money can't buy."
The majority of bivalves consist of two identical shells that are held together by a flexible hinge.
Textiles are made from many materials, with four main sources: animal , plant , mineral , and synthetic .
In 1913, the International Lawn Tennis Federation , now the International Tennis Federation , was founded and established three official tournaments as the major championships of the day.
Turbojet and turbofan engines use a spinning turbine to drive one or more fans, which provide additional thrust.
The wild boar produces a number of different sounds which are divided into three categories:Contact calls: Grunting noises which differ in intensity according to the situation.
For example, the Books of Samuel and the Books of Kings are in the LXX one book in four parts called Βασιλειῶν .
Squid are cephalopods in the superorder Decapodiformes with elongated bodies, large eyes, eight arms and two tentacles.
There are two main technologies of vibration drilling: self-maintained vibration systems and forced vibration systems.
The first ten rows of the football configuration were practically at field level, and fans in those sections often stood up on their seats to get a better view.
If one occurs naturally, such as a competitor going out of business, or lack of competition, it is not illegal until such time as the monopoly holder abuses the power.
Vignettes may be anything from a small sketch in one corner of the card, to a design cover three quarters of the card.
Conveyors are able to safely transport materials from one level to another, which when done by human labor would be strenuous and expensive.
White light can be fabricated using light with only two wavelengths, for instance by mixing light from a red and cyan laser or yellow and blue lasers.
Mecca, Medina and Jerusalem are the three holiest cities for Islam in all the world.
Printing plates were created with four or more colors—traditionally, the CMYK color model: cyan, magenta, yellow and "K" for black.
The Pennsylvania Turnpike opened in 1940 with seven tunnels, most of which were bored as part of the stillborn South Pennsylvania Railroad and giving the highway the nickname "Tunnel Highway".
The issue of "illegal votes" does not exist when only two options are possible , such as when a majority vote is required to adopt a proposal .
While the first two-thirds of the tail are covered in spots, the final part is marked with four to six dark rings or stripes.
It may indicate a designated location where one might expect to find women not wearing tops, such as a "topless beach" or "topless bar".
After he repented, he wept for 7,000 years, his tears filling seven jars, which then quenched the fires of hell.
Of the seven most globally recognized continents, only Antarctica and Australia are completely separated from other continents by the ocean.
For example, in State v. Lyerla, the defendant Lyerla randomly shot into a truck three times after being goaded by the driver of the truck.
The first five segments each have a pair of appendages on the underside, which are shaped like paddles and are used for swimming forward.
The western span of the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge also has two levels.
In horse racing, these definitions may differ: For example, in the British Isles, Thoroughbred horse racing defines colts and fillies as less than five years old.
The popularity of meprobamate paved the way for Librium and Valium, two minor tranquilizers that belonged to a new chemical class of drugs called the benzodiazepines.
According to the Books of Kings, the capitals of the two pillars that stood in front of Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem were engraved with pomegranates.
At one point this veil was called the flammeum because it was supposed to remind the virgin of the indissoluble nuptial bond she was contracting with Christ.
Despite there being many different variations and styles, in general there are three different techniques to hit the one-handed backhand.
The three ossicles transmit sound from the outer ear to the inner ear.
They were not arrested, and the following two summers saw a number of incidents of public nakedness until an ordinance banning nudity was passed.
He "proposed a model where the ray of light from the sun was refracted twice by a water droplet, one or more reflections occurring between the two refractions."
Butterfat is a mixture of triglyceride, a triester derived from glycerol and three of any of several fatty acid groups.
The three steps to commercial raisin production include pre-treatment, drying, and post-drying processes.
There are over three hundred species and thousands of cultivars.
The main four colours for suits worn in business are black, light grey, dark grey, and navy, either with or without patterns.
Anemophilous flowers use the wind to move pollen from one flower to the next.
The gastric lining is usually divided into two regions, an anterior portion lined by fundic glands and a posterior portion lined with pyloric glands.
A game tied at the end of regulation time may go into extra time, which consists of two further 15-minute periods.
Good suspension articulation keeps all four wheels in contact with the ground and maintains traction.
She visits them regularly and feeds them by laying one or two unfertilized eggs in the phytotelma, continuing to do this until the young are large enough to undergo metamorphosis.
The original play-off format featured the top five highest-ranked teams after the regular season rounds.
The first two elements are either 0 and 1 or 1 and 1 so that the sequence is .
Capablanca was undefeated in tournament play for eight years, from 1916 to 1924.
The USAF, with two thirds of the nuclear triad, also had requirements for a more accurate and reliable navigation system.
On June 14, during the off-season, the Leafs named Phaneuf captain after two seasons without one following Sundin's departure.
In this scenario, the two children are ex-stepsiblings by definition, even though they were never stepsiblings.
Depending on the policy of the instructor or institution, the duration of each test itself may last for only five minutes to an entire class period.
It consists of three retail formats that have become commonplace in the United States: Supercenters, Discount Stores, Neighborhood Markets, and other small formats.
For example, in Portugal's Algarve, there are three main parks: Aqualand, Aquashow, and Slide n' Splash.
In addition, the mother is able to produce two different kinds of milk simultaneously for the newborn and the older joey still in the pouch.
He had also hit one in his last at bat of the previous game, giving him four home runs on four consecutive swings.
The Head of the Charles, along with the Head of the Schuylkill in Philadelphia and the Head of the Connecticut, are considered to be the three "fall classics.
Of the five events, the Senior PGA is by far the oldest, having been founded in 1937.
The sounds originate in the tendons of the knees and may be audible from ten meters away.
These vests may include one or two understraps to be worn between the legs of the wearer and also a headrest flap.
These four categories are called primary emotions and there is some agreement amongst researchers that these primary emotions become combined to produce more elaborate and complex emotional experiences.
Both of these allow one to wear flip-flops with the socks.
These two proteins play essential roles in vertebrate metabolism, respectively oxygen transport by blood and oxygen storage in muscles.
There are two common pronunciations in English: — the anglicized version of the French pronunciation of coupé.
The ribs connect to the vertebrae with two costovertebral joints, one on the head and one on the neck.
Using at least two distillations is required by law.
There are four circumstances in which a two-quarterback system may be used.
They are designed to move in two dimensions and are intended as the base for a "holodeck".
The females begin ovulating as soon as four to six years old.
The most common type is the standard bunk bed which has two same size mattresses stacked one directly over the other.
In 2012, on average, first marriages that end in divorce last about eight years.
Sunscreens are designed to remain effective at original strength for up to three years, and are typically of doubtful value after that period.
The common names of the five species of baboons are the hamadryas, the Guinea , the olive, the yellow, and the chacma baboons.
Some users may experience an episode of acute psychosis, which usually abates after six hours, but in rare instances, heavy users may find the symptoms continuing for many days.
There are three possibilities for rapidly reducing altitude in such situations, each of which has benefits and issues to be aware of.
A butcher is a person who may slaughter animals, dress their flesh, sell their meat, or participate within any combination of these three tasks.
At its peak, a typical thunderstorm produces three or more strikes to the Earth per minute.
The pit is then stabbed with three or four toothpicks, about one-third of the way up from the flat end.
Instead, it is separated into three chambers—two atria and one ventricle.
There was a rapid reduction between 1900 and 1920, especially between 1913 and 1919, when weekly hours fell by about eight percent.
Skatepark construction can be divided into two major categories — prefabricated and custom built concrete.
While there is no agreed upon term, it is possible for cousins to share three grandparents if a pair of half siblings had children with a pair of full siblings.
The courtroom is divided into two parts by a barrier known as the bar.
The playoff will involve a total of 12 teams—nine from First Division A, and three from First Division B .
When two or more amplifiers are cross-coupled using positive feedback, complex behaviors can be created.
Whales consist of eight extant families: Balaenopteridae , Balaenidae , Cetotheriidae , Eschrichtiidae , Monodontidae , Physeteridae , Kogiidae , and Ziphiidae .
An animal 14.2 h or over is usually considered to be a horse and one less than 14.2 h a pony, but there are many exceptions to the traditional standard.
Snakes have a very flexible lower jaw, the two halves of which are not rigidly attached, and numerous other joints in their skull.
In a Sikh marriage, the couple walks around the Guru Granth Sahib holy book four times, and a holy man recites from it in the kirtan style.
Palladium and platinum, as of fall 2018, were valued at about three quarters the price of gold.
In addition to the version described, Los Angeles is also home to three burrito styles that can be said to fall under the category of Mexican fusion cuisine.
Under USA Racquetball rules, matches are best of three games with the first two games to 15 points and a third game to 11 points, if necessary.
Climate and weather permitting, this is done by spreading the beans out in the sun from five to seven days.
Since there are two different Ka values, the first midpoint occurs at pH=pKa1 and the second one occurs at pH=pKa2.
In 2005, this resulted in five of the top ten anime titles having previously aired on Cartoon Network.
This word would be appropriate to describe the friendship of two men.
Binocular rivalry occurs when two different stimuli are presented to each eye simultaneously and the two percepts compete for dominance in visual consciousness.
Red, green and blue light combined together makes white light, and these three colors, combined in different mixtures, can produce nearly any other color.
Each toe is surrounded by skin, and present on all five toes is a toenail.
England & Wales have eight, Scotland has nine, and Northern Ireland has ten permanent public holidays each year.
Additionally, the rank insignia for Master Gunnery Sergeant has three chevrons pointing up, with four rockers on the bottom.
Denim fabric dyeing is divided into two categories: indigo dyeing and sulfur dyeing.
King Richard II of England hosted a Christmas feast in 1377 at which twenty-eight oxen and three hundred sheep were eaten.
By the age of four to five weeks, pups have established dominance hierarchies, and are by then more likely to play rather than fight.
Pipelining allows more than one instruction to be executed at any given time by breaking down the execution pathway into discrete stages.
All three federal constitutions used the name Estados Unidos Mexicanos—or the variant Estados-Unidos Mexicanos, all of which have been translated as "United Mexican States".
Cartilage piercing will usually require more healing time than earlobe piercing, sometimes two to three times as long.
In the Middle Ages, the world was usually portrayed on T and O maps, with the T representing the waters dividing the three continents.
The all-time, verified professional baseball record for career home runs for one player, excluding the U.S. Negro Leagues during the era of segregation, is held by Sadaharu Oh.
An organization may have more than one vice-president, each tasked with a different area of responsibility .
The combination of these two factors means that light reaches the ground when the center of the solar disk is below the horizon by about 50'.
Arrested four days later, he was released due to mass demonstrations organised by the CGT and other supporters
The top two teams on the league ladder each hosted a semifinal, with the top surviving team hosting the final.
He also notes that several of the nuts began to germinate by the time they had been ten weeks at sea, precluding an unassisted journey of 100 days or more.
The orbits are arranged so that at least six satellites are always within line of sight from everywhere on the Earth's surface .
No effect of endurance training was found in most studies of lizards, although one study did report a training effect.
There are two main types of emotion work: evocation and suppression.
The first two commercially available technologies billed as 4G were the WiMAX standard, offered in North America by Sprint, and the LTE standard, first offered in Scandinavia by TeliaSonera.
The average pack size in North America is eight wolves and in Europe five to six wolves.
At three or four months of age babies are able to roll over by themselves
Carrot cultivars can be grouped into two broad classes, eastern carrots and western carrots.
About every triangle a unique circle, called the circumcircle, can be circumscribed such that it goes through each of the triangle's three vertices.
Molecular phylogenetic studies have supported the monophyly of three of these subfamilies , but have not supported all of the tribes or even genera below this level
Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika" became a pan-African liberation anthem and was later adopted as the national anthem of five countries in Africa including Zambia, Tanzania, Namibia and Zimbabwe after independence.
The best steam locomotives spent an average of three to five days per month in the shop for routine maintenance and running repairs.
He created puzzles on eight themes – the World, Europe, Asia, Africa, America, England and Wales, Ireland and Scotland.
The ten least common birthdays are December 24–27, January 1–2, February 6, March 22, April 1 and April 25.
Intuitively, the intersection of two or more objects is a new object that lies in each of original objects.
Researchers use two synthetic substances, phenylthiocarbamide and 6-n-propylthiouracil to study the genetics of bitter perception.
The skull consists of three parts, of different embryological origin—the neurocranium, the sutures, and the facial skeleton .
In this case, the adhesive remains intact and is still bonded to one substrate and remnants of the other.
Having three toms enables drummers to have a low-pitched, middle-register and higher-pitched tom, which gives them more options for fills and solos.
Information warfare is the application of destructive force on a large scale against information assets and systems, against the computers and networks that support the four critical infrastructures .
Three to four varieties are normally chosen, generally including a semi-soft cheese, a goat's cheese, and a blue cheese.
The company's primary goals included spending $500 million a year to increase fuel efficiency in Walmart's truck fleet by 25 percent over three years and double it within ten
The Maple Leafs and Canadiens met again in the 1951 finals, with five consecutive overtime games played in the series.
There are three basic types of tunnel construction in common use.
Daniel L. Pals mentions eight classical theories of religion, focusing on various aspects of religion: animism and magic, by E.B. Tylor and J.G. Frazer
However, within two generations, the empire was separated into four discrete khanates under Genghis Khan's grandsons.
After the hamsters reach three weeks of age they are considered mature.
The paradise gardens, were laid out in the form of a cross, with four channels representing the rivers of paradise, dividing the four parts of the world.
All seven series and four specials have been released on DVD.
The 1500 m came about as a result of running three laps of a 500 m track, which was commonplace in continental Europe in the 1900s.
The procedure used to fix the conversion rate between the Greek drachma and the euro was different since the euro by then was already two years old.
There are usually two rows of tube feet but in some species, the lateral canals are alternately long and short and there appear to be four rows.
Phonetically, the “ln” in “kiln” is categorized as a digraph: a combination of two letters that make only one sound, such as the “mn” in ”hymn.”
Each of the other three balls may be roqueted once in a turn before a hoop is run, after which they become available to be roqueted again.
If a dachshund has one single spot of dapple, it is a dapple.
From 11–16 education is provided by 10 secondary schools, four of which offer additional education up to the age of 18.
They are about 3.5 millimetres —5.5 millimetres long and are distinguishable by three light-coloured stripes running length-wise down the thorax.
However, they are allowed to stand immediately outside their own goal area even when the distance is less than three meters.
The Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers, and Denver Broncos are tied for second with eight appearances apiece, achieving reaching that milestone in this respective order.
A multi-way bridge has three or more separate spans which meet near the center of the bridge.
Typically, when one describes a machine as idle, it is an objective statement regarding its current state.
This platoon organization included one lieutenant, three sergeants, eight corporals, 15 privates first class, and 32 privates.
In pre-Crisis continuity, the two are depicted as close friends
Typically, there is a maximum allowed time of about six hours after which the marathon route is closed, although some larger marathons keep the course open considerably longer .
Cellos are part of the standard symphony orchestra, which usually includes eight to twelve cello players.
Often, damage results from combinations of factors in all three categories.
The Christian Sabbath is just one day each week, but the preceding day came to be taken as a holiday as well in the 20th century.
The game is played by two to four players on a square game board imprinted with a 15×15 grid of cells , each of which accommodates a single letter tile.
All fall into these four main categories.
In his work on memory, Vives found that the more closely one attends to stimuli, the better they will be retained.
In the 1990s, the concept of four Cs was introduced as a more customer-driven replacement of four P's.
The fawn stays hidden in the grass for one week until it is strong enough to walk with its mother.
The neural activity from seven grasshoppers yielded an average detection accuracy rate of 80%, whereas a single grasshopper yielded a 60% rate.
It forms a yoke about the neck, breast and shoulders and has two pendants hanging down in front and behind, and is ornamented with six crosses.
The Canadian province of Alberta has most of the world's reserves, in three huge deposits covering 142,000 square kilometres , an area larger than England or New York state.
Thus, all six players act as hitters at one time or another, while two can act as setters.
A study conducted in 2003 concluded that only four percent of American adults are naturally blond.
Worship is included in the Five Pillars of Islam, primarily that of salat, which is the practice of ritual prayer five times daily.
The stomach of Artiodactyls is divided into four sections: the rumen, the reticulum, the omasum and the abomasum .
The three most common shapes in order of size are the standard, the kite, and the smaller pear shape.
In 1928, the sport dropped the 'one hand' exercises altogether leaving only the three remaining exercises: the clean and press, the snatch and the clean and jerk.
However, the project failed and the beavers, ten pairs, were released into the wild.
The three basic forms of price discrimination are first, second and third degree price discrimination.
During more than half of the time of the sprint, the animal has all four limbs in the air
Throughout the pre-2011 history of Super Rugby—both in the Super 12 and Super 14 formats—the competition's organiser, SANZAR , held a Shaughnessy playoff involving the top four teams.
Ideally, this produces a metallurgical bond between the two layers.
Within a few million years, two important amniote lineages became distinct: the synapsids, which would later include the common ancestor of the mammals
In the 1865 Jules Verne novel From the Earth to the Moon, successful attempts are made to launch three people in a projectile with the goal of a Moon landing.
While the Kennel Club blamed this on the importation of foreign dog breeds, The Daily Telegraph blamed the decline on the ban on tail docking introduced six years before.
It depends on the size of the saw if one or two bolts are installed.
Improving opportunities for growing families of same-sex couples has shaped the political landscape within the past ten years.
A nap is a form of biphasic or polyphasic sleep, where the latter terms also include longer periods of sleep in addition to one single period.
It is common for players to create room for a layup by making use of the allotted two steps before the layup attempt.
Together, the three companies presented action plans for the sustainability of the industry.
The two major methods of glassblowing are free-blowing and mold-blowing.
Scotch whisky without an age statement may, by law, be as young as three years old.
During the last ten overs of an ODI, batting players often use shots that are riskier than shots played at the beginning of the innings.
Tennis racquets are about four times as heavy as badminton racquets, 10 to 12 ounces versus 2 to 3 ounces .
Upscale taverns had a lounge with a huge fireplace, a bar at one side, plenty of benches and chairs, and several dining tables.
In an environment where one partner incurs more energy costs than the other, Bateman's principle suggests that the lesser contributor takes the role of the aggressor.
In humans, the sense of taste is conveyed via three of the twelve cranial nerves.
All have three components: a plate, heat source, and temperature control.
One method by which the location of the abdominal contents can be appreciated is to draw three horizontal and two vertical lines.
No matter which grip is used, most forehands are generally executed with one hand holding the racquet, but there have been fine players with two-handed forehands.
The three kyokushin karate fighters' names are Tadashi Nakamura, Kenji Kurosaki and Akio Fujihira .
The two leading manufacturers, HP and TI, released increasingly feature-laden calculators during the 1980s and 1990s.
At the front end, the ventricles and cord swell to form three vesicles that are the precursors of the prosencephalon , mesencephalon , and rhombencephalon .
An example of a still unanswered question is, whether every even number is the sum of two primes.
Two to three days before the egg is laid there is little space left inside the female for her stomach and she is forced to fast.
In total, six meetings of the FA were held between October and December 1863.
A pond, therefore, may have combinations of three different food webs, one based on larger plants, one based upon decayed plants, and one based upon algae.
In Western societies, many, though not all, have at least one seat with a hole in it, above a small pit.
The five irregular bones of the midfoot, the cuboid, navicular, and three cuneiform bones, form the arches of the foot which serves as a shock absorber.
Both were led by a platoon leader and assistant platoon leader and consisted of three 9-man rifle squads mounted in three vehicles.
I made the joyous discovery that ten minutes of genuine belly laughter had an anesthetic effect and would give me at least two hours of pain-free sleep," he reported. "
For some years there were seven traghetti, but by 2017, the number had been reduced to three.
Twilight is divided into three segments according to how far the sun is below the horizon, measured in segments of 6°.
The cylinder in a six gun is often called a "wheel", and the six gun is itself often called a "wheel gun".
The Rolex Sports Car Series and American Le Mans Series announced a merger between the two series forming the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship starting in 2014.
In 2003, four years before the iPhone was officially introduced, the trademark iFone was registered in Mexico by a communications systems and services company, iFone.
Dreadnought was to have been followed by three Invincible-class battlecruisers, their construction delayed to allow lessons from Dreadnought to be used in their design.
Using two pegs and a rope, gardeners use this procedure to outline an elliptical flower bed—thus it is called the gardener's ellipse.
However, meeting one or more warrants does not require the installation of a traffic signal, it only suggests that they may be suitable.
Of the four that made the attempt, only one completed the flight.
Probably half the American men avoided saloons, so the average consumption for actual patrons was about a half-gallon of beer per day, six days a week.
Public toilets consist of one or more toilets which are available for use by the general public.
Generally gun dogs are divided into three major classifications: retrievers, flushing spaniels, and pointing breeds.
Overall, seven of the products tested had estimated life expectancies in ambient conditions of more than 45 years.
Larvae stay in the water column for the next four to seven weeks before dissipating to the ocean floor, where they attach themselves to objects through byssus threads.
In 1865, the first three stanzas and later the first two officially became the national anthem of Greece and later also that of the Republic of Cyprus.
It could hold three warriors because the wheel was placed in the middle of the chariot and not at the back as in Egyptian chariots.
Chinese inks may go back as far as three or maybe four millennia, to the Chinese Neolithic Period.
Also, "exotic" baryons made of four quarks and one antiquark are known as pentaquarks, but their existence is not generally accepted.
Breaking with tradition and many thinkers after him, Descartes explicitly did not divide the incorporeal soul into parts, such as reason and intellect, describing them as one indivisible incorporeal entity.
Wolves can digest their meal in a few hours and can feed several times in one day, making quick use of large quantities of meat.
This was the first occurrence of three home runs in a row ever in postseason play.
It also broke the 360's Australian record for the quickest amount of time to sell 100,000 units, reaching the milestone within six months and two weeks.
It is common to use one on the A string, which is most prone to breaking, even if the others are not equipped with them.
Under optimal conditions, celery can be stored for up to seven weeks from 0 to 2 °C .
Each of the eight legs of a spider consists of seven distinct parts.
Most are designed for two or three people, though four-passenger models exist.
There are four main types of elevator traffic patterns that can be observed in most modern office installations.
A tie-break, played under a separate set of rules, allows one player to win one more game and thus the set, to give a final set score of 7–6.
He named the swimsuit after the Bikini Atoll, where the first public test of a nuclear bomb had taken place only four days before.
Multi-way bridges with only three spans appear as a "T" or "Y" when viewed from above.
There are eight bones in the cranium and fourteen in the facial skeleton.
Diesel–hydraulic locomotives use one or more torque converters, in combination with gears, with a mechanical final drive to convey the power from the diesel engine to the wheels.
The various successors of these states became known as the Northern and Southern dynasties, with the two areas finally reunited by the Sui in 581.
There are ten ways in which a batsman can be dismissed: five relatively common and five extremely rare.
In the 1980s, three studies from France, China, and Israel published results showing that producing odorous urine from asparagus was a common human characteristic.
There are six mines in the peninsula, all on its southwest coast, covering an area of some 650 km2 .
They often have a high frequency loss with better hearing in the low frequencies and one ear is typically worse than the other.
After receiving an initial two cards, the player has up to four standard options: "hit", "stand", "double down", or "split".
In the US there are three regulatory bodies, but they act in an advisory capacity only
After one round, the teams are redrawn so the best remaining team again plays the worst remaining one and the second-best faces the second-worst in the semi-finals.
Each of the three departments of the American armed forces has a unique picture displayed on a medal, which is in turn displayed upon a star-shaped heraldic badge.
Compared to the large scaled houses in England and the Renaissance, the 17th Century Dutch house was smaller, and was only inhabited by up to four to five members.
Art historians are therefore able to use fashion with confidence and precision to date images, often to within five years, particularly in the case of images from the 15th century.
In each of the United Kingdom, the United States, and Canada, one football code is known solely as "football", while the others generally require a qualifier.
Some extinct insects had an additional pair of winglets attaching to the first segment of the thorax, for a total of three pairs.
The three individual parts of the gland are the duct, the intercalary region, and lastly the alveolar gland .
A study from 2016 suggested that Planet Nine tilted all the planets of the Solar System, including Earth, by about six degrees.
In Europe, three classes of peasants existed: slave, serf, and free tenant.
A double-door boxcar has two sliding doors on each side instead of one.
Freeform crochet is a technique that can create interesting shapes in three dimensions because new stitches can be made independently of previous stitches almost anywhere in the crocheted piece.
When needing to communicate information or directions to a large crowd of people in one place, an electric megaphone is valuable when other public address systems are not present.
The four main parts of a flower are generally defined by their positions on the receptacle and not by their function.
Chicago and Cincinnati were the first two American cities to enact laws ensuring cleaner air in 1881.
St. Louis Fire Department followed Cincinnati four years later and became the second established career fire department in the country followed by other large cities like New York .
Plants typically have two to six leaves, some species up to 12.
After that, they are referred to as yearlings or stirks if between one and two years of age.
Each drawing is held on behalf of one or more of the society lotteries, whose revenues go to support health-related causes in their respective area.
To qualify as an administrative, professional, or executive employee and therefore not be entitled to overtime, three tests must be passed based on salary basis, duties, and salary level.
Synthetic fibers come in three basic forms: staple, tow, and filament.
On average, genetic similarity between any two humans is 99.9%.
The expression of a broken heart is a cross-cultural reference to grief for a lost one or to unfulfilled romantic love.
The transverse costal facet is on the end of the transverse process of the lower of the two vertebrae to which the head is connected.
For clock jitter, there are three commonly used metrics:Absolute jitterThe absolute difference in the position of a clock's edge from where it would ideally be.
The Presidential Seal was embossed on these chairs with one currently in the Smithsonian Institution and another at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum.
Shuttles are easily damaged and should be replaced every three or four games, and sooner if they are damaged and do not fly straight.
A 2011 study using detailed analyses of the morphology of giraffes, and application of the phylogenetic species concept, described eight species of living giraffes.
Toronto's first two Stanley Cup, in 1918 and 1922, took place when the Stanley Cup tournament operated as an interleague competition.
According to one tradition, he was the consort of Ninhursag, a tradition which contradicts the usual portrayal of Enki as Ninhursag's consort.
They are frequently referenced in magical texts, and some texts describe them as being seven in number.
A survey of 6,636 children found that, of the 5,424 respondents, 54% had experienced pain in the preceding three months.
The face, throat, belly, feet and the base of the tail are shaved five to seven days before the show to get a nice, smooth appearance of the shaved areas.
An example of this dominance is the basketball competition where the Indian team won three out of four tournaments to date.
In many forms of motorsport, the three top-placed drivers in a race stand on a podium for the trophy ceremony.
The corresponding CGS unit is the dyne, the force required to accelerate a one gram mass by one centimeter per second squared, or g·cm·s−2.
The functions of a personal assistant may be entirely carried out to assist one other employee or may be for the benefit of more than one.
Triceps originates with two heads posteriorly on the humerus and with its long head on the scapula just below the shoulder joint.
Among the seven was Father Francis Browne, a Jesuit trainee who was a keen photographer and took many photographs aboard Titanic, including the last-ever known photograph of the ship.
Beginning in mid-2007, four major airlines, United, Continental, Delta, and Emirates, reached agreements to install iPod seat connections.
Epoxides are ethers in which the oxygen atom is part of a ring of three atoms.
Tastes or preferences: The greater the desire to own a good the more likely one is to buy the good.
As such, strategies vary between the three forms of international cricket, T20, Test cricket and One Day International cricket.
The balance plough had two sets of facing ploughs arranged so that with one was in the ground, the other was lifted in the air.
Numismatists divide medals into at least seven classes:Awards: awarded to a person or organization as a form of recognition for sporting, military, scientific, cultural, academic, or various other achievements.
Only one female and up to three males in the colony reproduce, while the rest of the members are smaller and sterile, and function as workers.
These might have had up to five rooms and housed up to 20 people.
She is sometimes depicted with two fish tails, or with the lower body of a serpent.
In Halicarnassus, a 2nd-century AD relief depicts two female combatants named "Amazon" and "Achillia"
Thus, ten foetuses were analyzed over a period of time using ultrasound techniques.
The rings are subsequently exchanged three times, either by the priest or by the best man, after which the priest says a final prayer.
In 2019, the majority of smartphones released have more than one camera, are waterproof with IP67 and IP68 ratings, and unlock using facial recognition or fingerprint scanners.
Because skateboarding was a new sport during this time, there were only two original disciplines during competitions: flatland freestyle and slalom downhill racing.
The goals are two meters high and three meters wide.
The bottom ten percent in the income hierarchy disposes of 1.36% of the country's resources, whereas the upper ten percent dispose of almost 36%.
As of 1990, up to 16 subspecies are recognized, which are divided into four regional groupings based on skull height and lacrimal bone length.
Kangaroos have also been featured on coins, most notably the five kangaroos on the Australian one dollar coin.
Walmart said that ten of the stores will become e-commerce distribution centers and employees can reapply to work at those locations.
They were originally made of iron, a material that was believed to ward off evil spirits, and traditionally were held in place with seven nails, seven being the luckiest number.
When one wishes in a well he or she throws money in, in the hope his or her wish comes true, the money normally goes to a charity.
Principal whisky producing areas include Speyside and the Isle of Islay, where there are eight distilleries providing a major source of employment.
Every tonne of cement produced releases one tonne of CO2 into the atmosphere.
The seven most important carcinogens in tobacco smoke are shown in the table, along with DNA alterations they cause.
With his mathematical insight, Sir Isaac Newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved for nearly three hundred years.
Owls have 14 neck vertebrae compared to seven in humans, which makes their necks more flexible.
In season two, episode four of the Cartoon Network animated sitcom Regular Show, the main villain, "Peeps" , is defeated by participating in a staring contest and losing.
Traditionally a match involves the best of three rounds, with no time limit.
When viewed from below, the thorax is that part from which all three pairs of legs and both pairs of wings arise.
For example, in the melody "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star", between the first two notes and the second two notes is the interval of a fifth.
In Canadian football, quarterback sneaks or other runs in short-yardage situations tend to be successful as a result of the distance between the offensive and defensive lines being one yard.
There are three established and widely accepted subcategories of twilight: civil twilight , nautical twilight, and astronomical twilight .
There are four basic motions, which can occur individually or in combination to form different expressions.
The patent covers News Feeds in which links are provided so that one user can participate in the activity of another user.
The cover has three folds which allow it to convert into a stand, which is also held together by magnets.
Point clouds are also sometimes used as temporary ways to represent an object, with the goal of using the points to create one or more of the three permanent representations.
The myotome is divided into two sections, the epimere and hypomere, which form epaxial and hypaxial muscles, respectively.
In World War I, Derby was targeted by German Zeppelin air bombers, who killed five people in a 1916 raid on the town.
The three critical flight dynamics parameters are the angles of rotation around three axes which pass through the vehicle's center of gravity, known as pitch, roll, and yaw.
There are about 75 species, and these are divided among four subgenera.
Females are capable of producing pups every year, with one litter annually being the average.
In the medieval period, blacksmithing was considered part of the set of seven mechanical arts.
For motorcycles this figure is 75.19 per 100,000 registered vehicles — four times higher than for cars.
Producers and sellers of popcorn consider two major factors in evaluating the quality of popcorn: what percentage of the kernels will pop, and how much each popped kernel expands.
In Western Christianity, using the Gregorian calendar, Easter always falls on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April, within about seven days after the astronomical full moon.
When turned on, an incandescent lamp draws a large inrush current of about ten times the steady-state current
Under normal conditions, the organs are unidentifiable after three weeks.
For individuals, only four types of apparatus are used: the double rings, the stick, the rope, and the clubs.
These four 24-hour days occur in both hemispheres simultaneously.
Softball games and high school baseball games are scheduled for seven innings, as are some minor league baseball doubleheaders.
The Library Hotel in New York City, is unique in that each of its ten floors is assigned one category from the Dewey Decimal System.
According to one narrative, they were exiled from Egypt as punishment for allegedly harbouring the infant Jesus.
There are three desired qualities in a stylus: first, that it faithfully follows the contours of the recorded groove and transmits its vibrations to the next part in the chain
Neuroanatomists generally regard it as two submodalities, given that different receptors are responsible for the perception of color and brightness.
The Roaring Twenties saw a race to the sky, with three separate buildings pursuing the world's tallest title in the span of a year.
Adaptations of both games can accommodate more than two players, who may play individually or in teams.
The angle between those lines can be measured, and is the angular separation between the two stars.
Most mammalian females have two copies of the X chromosome as opposed to the male which carries only one X and one smaller Y chromosome .
In 1988, Abdul Ahad Mohmand became the first Afghan to reach space, spending nine days aboard the Mir space station.
The top ten tourism earners in 2018 were:The World Tourism Organization reports the following countries as the ten biggest spenders on international tourism for the year 2018.
In all three cases, competition law aims to protect the welfare of consumers by ensuring that each business must compete for its share of the market economy.
All three are made in glazed and unglazed varieties, for different purposes.
The cones are responsible for color perception and are of three distinct types labelled red, green and blue.
As a result of a 2014 publication, the family was reclassified into two genera.
In the case of snakes, the complete outer layer of skin is shed in one layer.
Vises have two parallel jaws, one fixed and the other movable, threaded in and out by a screw and lever.
In April 2006, two explosions occurred at India's Jama Masjid.
Their four incisors are composed of hard orange enamel on the front and a softer dentin on the back.
During the next two centuries, Europeans started planting lawns and raising flowerbeds and trellises of roses.
At the intersection of two perpendicular roads, a traffic jam may result if four vehicles face each other side-on.
The ants in turn keep predators away from the aphids and will move them from one feeding location to another.
Pharmacy school is four years of graduate school , which include at least one year of practical experience.
This division into four was followed by the embryologist Karl Ernst von Baer in 1828, the zoologist Louis Agassiz in 1857, and the comparative anatomist Richard Owen in 1860.
They reach sexual maturity around five to eight years.
Each team consists of four mounted players, which can be mixed teams of both men and women.
But since lace evolved from other techniques, it is impossible to say that it originated in any one place.
One contest was a free-for-all battle called a melee, where large groups of knights numbering hundreds assembled and fought one another, and the last knight standing was the winner.
It grew rapidly, and by 1821 it had at least five hundred rooms for accommodation.
By the end of March, the company had four more stereo LPs available, interspersed with several Bel Canto releases.
Hagia Sophia's central dome arrangement is faithfully reproduced in three Ottoman mosques in Istanbul: the Beyazidiye Mosque, the Kılıç Ali Pasha Mosque, and the Süleymaniye Mosque.
The report is due to be updated in four years time allowing to follow the evolution of the list.
It is made up of three bowls of rice and three kinds of Korean side dishes.
Such garden apartment buildings are almost never more than three stories high, since they typically lack elevators.
These allow the fingers and thumb to operate independently, whereas a flat pick requires the thumb and one or two fingers to manipulate.
Leadership at prayer falls into three categories, depending on the type of prayer: five daily prayers, Friday prayer, or optional prayers.
It is the most basal of the four groups, having the smallest relative brain size, more primitive dentition and unspecialised cranial structure.
For a wooden container to be a crate, all six of its sides must be put in place to result in the rated strength of the container.
Alfred Hitchcock's Rope is famous for being composed of nine uninterrupted takes, each from four to ten minutes long.
In addition, cities are divided into five separate classes based on population.
In all three religions, modesty generally prevails in public, with clothing covering all parts of the body of a sexual nature.
Complexes with zero to two unpaired electrons are considered low-spin and those with four or five are considered high-spin.
Coriander and vinegar are the two most common seasoning ingredients, although many variations exist.
This is the effect of physical closeness upon two people who are in love.
The death penalty was reinstated on 8 August 2004.In September 2005, three murderers were the first people to be executed since the restoration.
It is the most sacred Buddhist pagoda for the Burmese with relics of the past four Buddhas enshrined within.
The Three-point Fold is first folded into a triangle, then the corners are folded up and across to make three points.
The bow is held with all five fingers of the right hand, the thumb opposite the fingers and closer to the cellist's body.
How victory is achieved, and what shape it assumes, is studied by most, if not all, military groups on three levels.
When rocks on one side of a fault rise relative to the other, it can form a mountain.
Catfish may have up to four pairs of barbels: nasal, maxillary , and two pairs of chin barbels, even though pairs of barbels may be absent depending on the species.
The region of an object's shadow during an eclipse is divided into three parts:The umbra, within which the object completely covers the light source.
Lift one leg off the ground and do a set.
The Devonshire Hunting Tapestries, four Flemish tapestries dating from the mid-fifteenth century depict men and women in fashionable dress of the early fifteenth century hunting in a forest.
Through the early 20th century, it was common for fights to have unlimited rounds, ending only when one fighter quit, benefiting high-energy fighters like Jack Dempsey.
Males live four years less than the females, whose maximum longevity is about 17 years.
These three highly influential, and initially very controversial, works changed the way people understood their place in the world.
In the early 1850s, Verdi produced his three most popular operas: Rigoletto, Il trovatore and La traviata.
Modern nightstands are usually small bedside tables, often with one or sometimes more drawers and/or shelves and less commonly with a small door.
If people only see an object as serving one primary focus than they fail to realize that the object can be used in various ways other than its intended purpose.
Airlines sometimes operate multiple lounges within the one airport terminal allowing ultra-premium customers, such as first class customers, additional services, which are not available to other premium customers.
Jim Beloff set out to promote the instrument in the early 1990s and created over two dozen ʻukulele music books featuring modern music as well as classic ukulele pieces.
The adhesive is applied to either one or both of the materials being bonded.
The Allied force included six heavy cruisers , two light cruisers , and eight US destroyers.
Male lions reach maturity at about three years of age and at four to five years are capable of challenging and displacing adult males associated with another pride.
The regulation playing time of a game is 60 minutes, divided into four periods of 15 minutes each.
All four destroyers were sunk or severely damaged and withdrawn shortly after the Japanese attacked them with gunfire and torpedoes.
For example, the Aztecs used a system in which one turkey cost 100 cacao beans and one fresh avocado was worth three beans.
For the 15 to 29 age group, male rates were nearly six times those for female rates
These four scripts are Hanunó'o/Hanunoo of the Hanuno'o Mangyan people, Buhid/Buid of the Buhid Mangyan people, Apurahuano/Tagbanwa of the Tagbanwa people, and Palaw'an/Pala'wan of the Palaw'an people.
In England and Wales there are three types of bail that can be given:Police bail.
Fine tuners on all four of the strings are very helpful when using those that have a steel core, and some players use them with synthetic strings as well.
In each of these divisions the four clubs finishing below the automatic promotion places compete in two-legged semi-finals with the higher-placed club enjoying home advantage in the second leg.
It was resurrected in September of that year after a new financing package was put together but forced to close again just two months later because of further financial problems.
Rhodophyta, Chlorophyta, and Heterokontophyta, the three main algal divisions, have lifecycles which show considerable variation and complexity.
At least one extrasolar planet, HD 189733 b, has been claimed to have such a weather system, similar to the Great Red Spot but twice as large.
Studies using deferred imitation have shown that 14-month-olds' memories for the sequence of actions can last for as long as four months.
The other three silver halides are highly insoluble in aqueous solutions and are very commonly used in gravimetric analytical methods.
The pericarp may be described in three layers from outer to inner, the epicarp, mesocarp and endocarp.
In MLB, four umpires are used for each game, one near each base.
The sculpture required four weeks of robot-driven carving, followed by four weeks of hand-finishing, to complete.
Similarly, when all three of these are absent, the likelihood of stroke is decreased .
Most people tend to eat simply because "it's lunch time" and only 20% of the time is due to actual hunger Food preferences splits into two categories, snack-related and meal-related.
In the East, three veils are used: one for the chalice, one for the diskos , and a third one is used to cover both.
Since 2011, the shot clock also shows tenths of a second past five seconds left on the shot clock.
For the three years leading up to the introduction of Chrysler's K-cars, the Omni/Horizon was Chrysler's best selling model line.
A thoroughfare is a road or way connecting one location to another.
Typically large numbers of eggs are laid at one time and the eggs are then left to develop without parental care.
Highly sweetened soft drinks are widely popular, and sugared beverages account for nine percent of American caloric intake.
SVCD has two thirds the resolution of DVD, and over 2.7 times the resolution of VCD.
The battery could also be charged with a power adapter that was included with the first four generations.
Peyote a small spineless cactus has been a major source of psychedelic mescaline and has probably been used by Native Americans for at least five thousand years.
It consists of two conducting plates separated by a thin insulating dielectric layer
The IUCN currently recognises only one species of giraffe with nine subspecies.
This type first appears in c. the 13th century BC in Northern Italy , and survives well into the Iron Age, with a life-span of about seven centuries.
Individuals with PGD experience severe grief symptoms for at least six months and are stuck in a maladaptive state.
The two most common sources of coffee beans are the highly regarded Coffea arabica, and the "robusta" form of the hardier Coffea canephora.
Hite found the two most significant differences between respondents' experience with men and women were the focus on clitoral stimulation, and more emotional involvement and orgasmic responses.
In children, deaths from burns occur at more than ten times the rate in the developing than the developed world.
The three largest orders in numbers of species are Rodentia: mice, rats, porcupines, beavers, capybaras and other gnawing mammals
As well, it is capable of playing single-note melodies and double stops over a range of three diatonic octaves.
Since 1992 male competitors must be under 23 years old, and since 1996, players under 23 years old, with three over-23-year-old players, are allowed per squad.
It took ten more years and further innovations to create a machine that could be drawn by animals, and sixty years before a steam-powered lawn mower was built.
She installed a dance floor with coloured lights and two turntables so she could play records without having a gap in the music.
Every experiment to date has shown these seven values to be proportional, and in some cases equal, and this proportionality gives rise to the abstract concept of mass.
Kroger took the idea one step further and pioneered the first supermarket surrounded on all four sides by a parking lot.
Modern pedestrian signals can be incandescent, neon, fiber-optic, or LED, with the latter three displays typically utilizing less energy.
The tent stitch and the cross stitch are two of the most common.
There are three ways the trot may be ridden:Sitting: The rider's seat remains in the saddle the whole time while following the motion of the horse and without bouncing.
Skin irritation from acne medications typically peaks at two weeks after onset of use and tends to improve with continued use.
Three of the four members of the Beatles released solo albums while the group was officially still together.
In 2003, ThyssenKrupp invented a system called TWIN, in which two elevator cars are independently running in one shaft.
The Supreme Court of California ruled in 2002 that Los Angeles County was not liable to her three children under the California Government Tort Claims Act.
With five indoor water parks, Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin is supposed to be recognized as the "Water Park Capital of the World".
There are three components that have been researched to improve endurance sports performance
The ode generally has three parts: a strophe, an antistrophe, and an epode.
The advantage is that it has up to ten times the holding-power-to-weight ratio compared to a dead weight mooring
For instance, Evgeny Morozov particularly challenges two concepts: "Internet-centrism" and "solutionism."
There are usually three major sources of fresh flowers for retail florists: local growers, local wholesalers and flower auctions.
There are six nationwide television networks: NHK , Nippon Television , Tokyo Broadcasting System , Fuji Network System , TV Asahi and TV Tokyo Network .
These two classes of particles are the antiparticle partners of one another.
Asthma is classified according to the frequency of symptoms, forced expiratory volume in one second , and peak expiratory flow rate.
On average there was at least one sniper in an infantry platoon and one in every reconnaissance platoon, including in tank and even artillery units.
There have been talks about reuniting the two municipalities, but the plans have not come into life due to unwillingness in Sør-Fron, the smaller of the two.
It is only five square millimeters, the size of a sand grain.
The other important parts of the infield are the three bases, first base , second base and third base .
Molecular and other biological evidence supports the recognition of at least three species of brown kiwi.
The GI tract can be divided into four concentric layers in the following order:MucosaSubmucosaMuscular layerAdventitia or serosaThe mucosa is the innermost layer of the gastrointestinal tract.
They did not have a ball, so they made one out of an old stocking and some rags.
Emmer wheat, einkorn wheat, and barley were three of the so-called Neolithic founder crops in the development of agriculture.
Their nervous system includes two pairs of nerve cords and three pairs of ganglia.
Unsaturated fats have one or more double bonded carbons in the chain.
This theory, created by Sigmund Freud, says that three mental structures determine our personality.
When two straight lines intersect at a point, four angles are formed.
In Alberta, five bitumen upgraders produce synthetic crude oil and a variety of other products: The Suncor Energy upgrader near Fort McMurray, Alberta produces synthetic crude oil plus diesel fuel
Japan tried four times in 1966–1969 to launch a satellite with its own launcher before successfully completing a launch in 1970.
Inline skates typically have two to five polyurethane wheels, arranged in a single line by a metal or plastic frame on the underside of a boot.
They tied up for seven days waiting for the caribou to cross.
In the ancient cities of Iran, three types of bazaar have been identified
Broadly, these fall into three categories: signs, signals or pavement markings.
The four received the Roger Baldwin Medal of Liberty from the American Civil Liberties Union in June 2007.
Today, five flying swans are the symbol of the Nordic Countries, the whooper swan is the national bird of Finland, and the mute swan is the national bird of Denmark.
One or both of them will adopt a high standing posture, with one male issuing a challenge by grasping the other male's neck with its forepaw.
In July 1885, three teenage Hawaiian princes took a break from their boarding school, St. Mathew's Hall in San Mateo, and came to cool off in Santa Cruz, California.
The chares were infamous for their insanitary conditions – typhus was "epidemic" and there were three cholera outbreaks in 1831-2, 1848–9 and finally in 1853 .
One review found three prospective cohort studies that examined the relationship between self reported cannabis use and intelligence quotient .
Since 2005, several models with four doors have been marketed as "four-door coupés", however reactions are mixed about whether these models are actually sedans instead of coupés.
In classical anatomy the human stomach is divided into four sections, beginning at the cardia.
RNA viruses can be placed into four different groups depending on their modes of replication.
So when two vessels run against each other, it is called collision whereas when one vessel ran against another, it is considered allision.
In 2016, the United States User Consumer Survey Study reported that three out of four of the participants favored a debit or credit card payment instead of cash.
Babies may have their diapers changed five or more times a day.
Thus, both gallons are equal to four quarts, eight pints, sixteen cups, or thirty-two gills.
Kittens are weaned between six and seven weeks of age.
It was about ten by twelve feet.
Jain ascetics do not stay in a single place for more than two months to prevent themselves from becoming attached to any location.
A 2014 review found that antibiotics by mouth appear to be somewhat more effective than birth control pills at reducing the number of inflammatory acne lesions at three months.
In 1964, John Taylor, an English Mathematician John Taylor developed a fingering system that allowed an ocarina to play a full chromatic octave using only four holes.
However, in a reverse of the 1942 finals, the Red Wings won the next three games.
In February 2016, Facebook expanded Like into "Reactions", choosing among five pre-defined emotions, including "Love", "Haha", "Wow", "Sad", or "Angry".
In 2015, researchers reported finding structures similar to blood cells and collagen fibers, preserved in the bone fossils of six Cretaceous dinosaur specimens, which are approximately 75 million years old.
Purportedly drunk elephants attacked an Indian village a second time in December 2002, killing six people, which led to the killing of about 200 elephants by locals.
Both of the last two measures can be viewed as harm reduction policies.
In that work, he proved that air is a mixture of two gases
There are two common Arab ranks relevant to the English word "colonel":The Arabic word for "colonel" is عميد which comes from the same triconsonantal root as عمود meaning "column".
Humans are trichromatic—the retina contains three types of color receptor cells, or cones.
There are four particular types of habitats that ferns are found in: moist, shady forests
Mountain zebras and plains zebras live in groups, known as 'harems', consisting of one stallion with up to six mares and their foals.
The court usually has three main legally trained court officials: the judge, the prosecutor and the defence attorney.
The referee may be assisted by one or two assistant referees.
Tandems can be used by two or even three paddlers.
Pluto was found to be just one small body in a population of thousands.
Mauritius is divided into nine districts which consist of 2 cities, 4 towns and 130 villages, the capital is Port Louis.
Over 90% of a mix's final strength is typically reached within four weeks, with the remaining 10% achieved over years or even decades.
In the state of Bavaria for example, daycare assistants will have attended school for two years, daycare teachers for three years with an additional two-year internship.
While the inner epidermis may remain a single layer, it may also divide to produce two to three layers and accumulates starch, and is referred to as the colourless layer.
For example, Gemma Ruegg, a two-weight regional champion from Bournemouth in Dorset, boxed throughout her pregnancy and returned to the ring three weeks after giving birth to her daughter.
Front split - A split in which one leg is extended frontward and the other leg is extended backward, both at right angles to the trunk.
In many rules, the doubles serve as spinners, i.e., they can be played on all four sides, causing the line of play to branch.
At one level, one may pray to a deity for protection or assistance, taking a more subordinate role.
The canter may be ridden in three ways: sitting, half-seat, and two-point.
There may be occasions when more than one individual cares for children in a family childcare home.
Propulsion systems for ships fall into three categories: human propulsion, sailing, and mechanical propulsion.
As a result, frogs are the undisputed champion jumpers of vertebrates, leaping over fifty body lengths, a distance of more than eight feet.
Green was far behind with twenty per cent, while white and red received about eight per cent each.
In the theory of special relativity, physical quantities are expressed in terms of four-vectors that include time as a fourth coordinate along with the three space coordinates.
From this, Wittgenstein concluded that people apply the term game to a range of disparate human activities that bear to one another only what one might call family resemblances.
In late April 2008, prices hit 24 US cents a pound, twice the price of seven months earlier.
This originates from an old European tradition wherein a battle was halted to remove the dead and wounded, then three shots were fired to signal readiness to re-engage.
On February 26, 1987, the first four UK albums by The Beatles were released in mono on compact disc.
Cocaine's desired euphoric effects are delayed when snorted through the nose by about five minutes.
Furthermore, according to MediaFinder.com, 93 new magazines launched between the first six months of 2014 and just 30 closed.
Giant panda cubs weigh 45 kg at one year and live with their mothers until they are 18 months to two years old.
Customers pay a $7 monthly subscription for five to eight delivered food samples each month, so they can try new foods.
A home made type of very mild sauerkraut is available, where white cabbage is pickled with salt in a refrigerator for only three to seven days.
Intermeshing rotors are two counter-rotating rotors mounted close to each other at a sufficient angle to let the rotors intermesh over the top of the aircraft without colliding.
One millimetre of mercury is approximately equal to one torr.
A The New York Times article estimated the number of killings to be about six up to 2010.
Teams of two or three players are judged as they perform a routine that consists of a series of creative throwing and catching techniques set to music.
While most humans are trichromatic , many animals, known as tetrachromats, have four types.
Out of the five largest American technology companies, it pays the lowest taxes to the countries of origin of its revenues.
Curvilinear motion – It is defined as the motion along a curved path that may be planar or in three dimensions.
A single female in heat can attract up to seven reproductive males, which can follow her for as long as a month.
The single seed is enclosed in a hard, stony shell, often called a "stone" or "kernel", with a grainy, smooth texture except for three ridges running down one side.
Secondary school students who are members of these three organisations are called 'cadets'.
There have been nine versions of the iPad.
Milk is utilized in the making of doughnuts, but in large scale bakeries, one form of milk used is nonfat dry milk solids.
He theorized three main reasons as to why first-borns are generally more eminent:Primogeniture laws: first-borns have access to their parents' financial resources to continue their education.
These can be swollen due to certain diseases, the most common one being a simple infection, and, less likely, from cancer.
The red, red rust, or brown coloration occurs when the black gene has two recessive alleles but the dilution gene has at least one dominant allele .
His version of the game is the one used in modern-day table football.
It consists of an air-filled cavity called the tympanic cavity and includes the three ossicles and their attaching ligaments
A more unusual flag shape is that of the flag of Nepal, which is in the shape of two stacked triangles.
In some courses, university students must complete one or more essays over several weeks or months.
The Office of Personnel Management has established five executive core qualifications that all applicants seeking to enter the Senior Executive Service must demonstrate.
This group consists of ten to thirty people who meet for a few hours regularly or a few continuous days.
It is similar to a traditional waffle but larger, round in shape and divided into four quarters.
As one legal historian wrote, "Justinian consciously looked back to the golden age of Roman law and aimed to restore it to the peak it had reached three centuries before."
In this model, working memory consists of three basic stores: the central executive, the phonological loop and the visuo-spatial sketchpad.
The three main materials are wood, reinforced fiberglass and metal.
December 6, 2008, in two separate games, two different QMJHL goalies scored goals
Europe has about 225 indigenous languages, mostly falling within three Indo-European language groups: the Romance languages, derived from the Latin of the Roman Empire
Consequently, the history of aircraft can be divided into five eras:Pioneers of flight, from the earliest experiments to 1914.
The same technique used for making twine is also used to make thread, which is thinner, yarn, and rope, which is stronger and thicker, generally with three or more strands.
Common law has identified three types of mistake in contract: common mistake, mutual mistake, and unilateral mistake.
At one end of the scale are the traditional, small farm-produced varieties.
He uses a dance metaphor, "The Tango," to illustrate the co-operative nature of their interactions inasmuch as "It takes two to tango".
It included four UK hit singles: "Exodus", "Waiting in Vain", "Jamming", and "One Love" .
Four British destroyers and five other vessels were escorting Convoy JW 51B from the UK to the Murmansk area.
In ex-USSR there are three different types of saunas.
Assume that by a uniform pricing system the monopolist would sell five units at a price of $10 per unit.
Each of its three panels depicts a scene – the Holy Ark, the zodiac, and the story of the sacrifice of Isaac.
In fact, in a harvest of two and a half tons of oysters, only three to four oysters produce what commercial buyers consider to be absolute perfect pearls.
Aside from churches, Gothic Architecture had been used for many religious palaces, the most important one being the Palais des Papes in Avignon.
Bed sheets come in two main varieties: flat and fitted.
In a bedroom, a closet is most commonly used for clothes and other small personal items that one may have.
Measurement reduces an observation to a number which can be recorded, and two observations which result in the same number are equal within the resolution of the process.
A chain may consist of two or more links.
Bunk beds are normally supported by four poles or pillars, one at each corner of the bed.
The well was cased by four rows of logs with a square frame attached to them at the top of the well.
In 2004, Michael Phelps wore the Fastskin II, the latest evolution of the Fastskin series, in Athens to become the first swimmer to earn eight medals.
At the time he murdered Oswald, he had four of them—although he once had as many as 10.
The midpoint of the crossfader's travel is a 50/50 mix of the two channels .
These dinners are often divided into three or more courses.
In 1873, the French Canadian "pinte" was defined as being one imperial quart or two imperial pints, while the imperial pint was legally called a "chopine" in French Canada.
At the time there were only four provinces, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Canada East , and Canada West .
This refrain may be of one or several syllables and is preceded by a rhyme.
The seat is adjustable fore-and-aft to keep the vehicle balanced for two or four people.
It is not unheard of for a single subject to receive five or more sets of disposable restraints in his or her first few hours in custody.
If he had more than one then he would take one half while the rest was shared out equally.
Up and Toy Story 3 also received Best Picture nominations after the Academy expanded the number of nominees from five to ten.
Example: "There is a 60% chance this market will double in five years"Risk: A state of uncertainty where some of the possibilities involve a loss, catastrophe, or other undesirable outcome.
In February 1972, six Woman Army Corps noncommissioned officers from Fort McClellan, Alabama, were enrolled in the Drill Sergeant Program, at Fort Jackson, South Carolina.
The two species attack one another even when there is no food involved for no apparent reason.
These remained as the only two flavor options for nearly 20 years, until the addition of the fruit punch flavor in 1983.
Both these muscles are inserted with two heads proximally and distally to the first metatarsophalangeal joint.
While it technically contains four recipes, all are a variation of the first: Beat some eggs in a bowl, season with salt and add wine.
The irregularity has a price – chords cannot be shifted around the fretboard in the standard tuning E-A-D-G-B-E, which requires four chord-shapes for the major chords.
Rabbits have two sets of incisor teeth, one behind the other.
In the open ocean the distance between wave crests can surpass 100 kilometers , and the wave periods can vary from five minutes to one hour.
The winner is determined when one team scores a predetermined number of goals, typically five, ten or eleven in competition.
The equations in the previous sections, work in vector form if the scalars p and v are replaced by vectors p and v. Each vector equation represents three scalar equations.
The World Championships are organised by the World Croquet Federation and usually take place every two or three years.
The optimal pack size for hunting elk is four wolves, and for bison a large pack size is more successful.
Another custom, a kind of memorial, frequently takes place seven years after the person's death.
These players can usually play any of the three outfield positions.
The death of a loved one sparks a series of events such as smoking out the spirit, a feast, and leaving out the body to decompose.
Two professional golfers from Jersey have won the Open Championship seven times between them
The average development period for a new product is around twelve months, split into three stages.
A more effective process of growing coffee, used in Brazil, is to raise seedlings in nurseries that are then planted outside at six to twelve months.
He rode it to the Sumiyoshi temple, where he prayed for eight days.
For example, three feet two inches can be written as 3′ 2″.
Skateboarders used an area populated primarily by the city's "undesirable elements" to create a skatepark, building one section at a time.
They have a minimum of six or eight-lane controlled-access highways where entrance and exit is controlled by the use of slip roads.
One example in the late-century orchestral music is Karlheinz Stockhausen's Gruppen, for three orchestras, which are placed around the audience.
The structure of gangs varies depending primarily on size, which can range from five or ten to thousands.
Marley had many children: four with his wife Rita, two adopted from Rita's previous relationships, and several others with different women.
In cognitive psychology there are at least two models which describe how visual attention operates.
In personality psychology, people reliably differ from each other depending on four key aspects: beliefs in luck, rejection of luck, being lucky, and being unlucky.
Other influences on care taking include the expectations of the three parties involved- the parents, caretakers, and children.
A polygon with five sides is a pentagon.
The five gathered for the first time in Kobe, Japan in January 2007.
There are also five second-order factors, the Creative Self, Coping Self, Social Self, Essential Self, and Physical Self, which allow exploration of the meaning of wellness within the total self.
This allows elderly friends of the deceased a chance to view the body and attend the funeral in one trip, since it may be difficult for them to arrange travel
When there are only two parts joined so that each affects the other, the properties of the feedback give important and useful information about the properties of the whole.
They start to eat meat at the age of eight weeks.
Additionally, the symbol of three golden orbs is found in the coat of arms of the House of Medici, a famous fifteenth century Italian dynasty of bankers and lenders.
Over decades, the size of daily strips became smaller and smaller, until by 2000, four standard daily strips could fit in an area once occupied by a single daily strip.
All four locomotives were donated to museums, but one was scrapped.
The four most common additives used as bleaching/maturing agents in the US are:Potassium bromate, listed as an ingredient, is a maturing agent that strengthens gluten development.
Although it was rarely enforced, Chicago's ban on pinball lasted three decades and ended in 1976.
In all three of these faiths today, a significant minority of people still hold to this approach.
The Australasian style debate consists of two teams, consisting of three people, who debate over an issue that is commonly called a topic or proposition.
In fact, the greatest benefits were usually found to occur around six months after treatment began.
The leg of the bootee may have a zipper down one side or may be tightened with a velcro strap.
Thus, for example, quartz and stishovite are two different minerals consisting of the same compound, silicon dioxide.
Industrial fastener materialsThere are three major steel fasteners used in industries: stainless steel, carbon steel, and alloy steel.
The results of three trials already completed were published in the Lancet along with an editorial commentary.
For example, hotels, casinos and nightclubs are usually home to one or several bars.
The ankle is composed of three joints: the talocrural joint , the subtalar joint , and the Inferior tibiofibular joint.
It is usually measured in volts, and one volt is the potential for which one joule of work must be expended to bring a charge of one coulomb from infinity.
Starting in 2002, the play-offs added an extra spot to allow the top six to qualify.
Professional baseball games as well as college baseball games are scheduled for nine innings.
Overall, this means over two thirds of state-supported higher education providers in England are colleges of one form or another.
There are five main types of scaffolding used worldwide today.
Similarly, five of six first-class and all second-class children survived, but 52 of the 79 in third-class perished.
Butterflies may have one or more broods per year.
There are two types of identification tests for female pattern baldness: the Ludwig Scale and the Savin Scale.
The Polytechnic gives out National Diploma and Higher National Diploma certifications after a period of two years and/or four years of study respectively.
The first act of The Young Ones episode "Bambi" concerns the main characters making their first trip to the launderette in almost three years.
During the game, the two teams alternated between the rugby-based rules used by McGill and the Boston Game rules used by Harvard.
There are three types of sweepstakes which are the Special Cash Sweeps, the Last Race Sweep and the Ordinary Cash Sweeps.
In healthy children it may be normal in the absence of any disease to cough ten times a day.
They have four chambered stomachs, as in all ruminants, and the first chamber has adapted to their specialised diet.
Polynesians may have used the prevailing north easterly trade winds to reach New Zealand in about three weeks.
The young spend three weeks to four months in the nest, depending on species, and may receive parental care for several months thereafter.
Since a single thread is too fine and fragile for commercial use, anywhere from three to ten strands are spun together to form a single thread of silk.
Historically, all three furnaces were contained in one structure, with a set of progressively cooler chambers for each of the three purposes.
A turbine is a turbomachine with at least one moving part called a rotor assembly, which is a shaft or drum with blades attached.
On the song "Alligator" on the Grateful Dead album Anthem of the Sun three members of the band play kazoo together.
With this in mind, if we take into consideration Keller's research, which suggests that a brand is made up of three different components.
Geography, climate and cultural traditions caused differences to develop in cattle-handling methods and equipment from one part of the United States to another.
Pedagogy can be thought of in two manners.
However, when someone gossips, it affects one in a different manner.
The flash produced momentarily activates all light sensitive cells in the eye, making vision impossible for approximately five seconds, until the eye restores itself to its normal, unstimulated state.
Most coccinellids have round to elliptical, dome-shaped bodies with six short legs.
Common characteristics of modern bears include large bodies with stocky legs, long snouts, small rounded ears, shaggy hair, plantigrade paws with five nonretractile claws, and short tails.
A typical factory contains hundreds of industrial robots working on fully automated production lines, with one robot for every ten human workers.
The main group of squirrels also can be split into three subgroups, which yield the remaining subfamilies.
In pin bowling, the goal is to knock over pins at the end of a lane, with either two or three balls per frame allowed to knock down all pins.
The insignia of a staff sergeant in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police is four chevrons worn point up.
For example, if the side scored the required number of runs to win with only three batsmen dismissed, they are said to have won by seven wickets .
Across London, Black and Asian children outnumber White British children by about six to four in state schools.
When three steps are used to turn a 90° corner, the middle step is called a kite winder as a kite-shaped quadrilateral.
Generally, teams consist of five players per side, and the field size is 20 m wide and 40 m long.
The houseboats are of different sizes, some having up to three bedrooms apart from a living room and kitchen.
The General Motors Hummer and Chrysler Jeep have been waging battle in U.S. courts over the right to use seven slots in their respective radiator grilles.
Also, the original valves of the conus arteriosus have been replaced by a spiral valve that divides it into two parallel parts, thereby helping to keep the two bloodstreams separate.
The Japan Sumo Association reunited in 1926 and increased the number of annual tournaments from two to four, and then to six in 1958.
In addition to players and builders, five broadcasters for the Maple Leafs were also awarded the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award from the Hockey Hall of Fame.
By the end of 2005, 25 genes had been associated with asthma in six or more separate populations, including GSTM1, IL10, CTLA-4, SPINK5, LTC4S, IL4R and ADAM33, among others.
Bacterial metabolism is classified into nutritional groups on the basis of three major criteria: the source of energy, the electron donors used, and the source of carbon used for growth.
With streamlined fusiform bodies and two limbs that are modified into flippers, whales can travel at up to 20 knots, though they are not as flexible or agile as seals.
Typically only one die is needed to completely form the part.
Spider-Man was declared the number one superhero on Bravo's Ultimate Super Heroes, Vixens, and Villains TV series in 2005.
It features 8 teams from around Australia and one in New Zealand.
The DMA takes three to five years after a master's degree, and includes advanced courses, projects, and performances.
Atlantic salmon spend between one and four years at sea.
The iPhone 5C, a mid-range-priced version of the handset that is designed to increase accessibility due to its price is available in five colors and is made of plastic.
Other common features of disposable diapers include one or more pairs of either adhesive or mechanical fastening tapes to keep the diaper securely fastened.
The last three days before Easter are Maundy Thursday, Good Friday and Holy Saturday .
Generation Alpha is expected to reach two billion by 2025.
Depending on maturity, breed, and work expected, horses are usually put under saddle and trained to be ridden between the ages of two and four.
After a period of four weeks the growth of the seedling once again became uniform throughout the plant, as it was before the windblown sand abrasion occurred.
He found that it was impossible to make the 45-RPM vinyl singles of the time longer, as they could usually hold no more than five minutes of good-quality music.
This theory involves a total of eight interaction sites between a sweetener and the sweetness receptor, although not all sweeteners interact with all eight sites.
This mode of locomotion is slow and very demanding, up to seven times the cost of laterally undulating over the same distance.
With the two-screw style, the ring usually aligns well but does not have the strength of the four screw system.
It has an adult weight of 20 g , reaches sexual maturity in two years and lives for about ten years.
The triploid onion is a hybrid species with three sets of chromosomes, two sets from A. cepa and the third set from an unknown parent.
For any three numbers a, b, and c, it is true that + c = a + .
The U.S. standard is ANSI Z80.3-2001, which includes three transmittance categories.
Normally they only see any given film once and have only a day or two to formulate their opinions.
On 25 December 2006, serial killer Hiroaki Hidaka and three others were hanged in Japan.
They typically have a central disc and five arms, though some species have a larger number of arms.
In 1563 the Council of Trent, twenty-fourth session, required that a valid marriage must be performed by a priest before two witnesses.
Tilikum has played a role in the death of three people in three different incidents .
In each league, between four and eight teams qualify for the finals based on the league ladder at the end of the season.
By nationality, thirteen were American , four were Russian , and one was Israeli.
Providers care for multi-aged groups of children allowing children to remain with one caregiver for many years which helps children develop a sense of trust and security.
They remain in the sac for seven to ten weeks before undergoing metamorphosis, after which they move into the male's mouth and emerge.
Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.
The indoor team won the silver medal in all four World Indoor Lacrosse Championships.
They found her at the kill just after dawn with her three 14-month-old cubs, and they watched uninterrupted for the next ten hours.
Both ixodid and argasid ticks have four lifecycle stages: egg, larva, nymph, and adult.
In Euclidean geometry, the sum of the exterior angles of a simple convex polygon will be one full turn .
The screen is covered by tiny pixels, each with three fluorescent elements for creating red, green and blue light.
Wordsworth's friend Coleridge was another keen walker and in the autumn of 1799, he and Wordsworth undertook a three week tour of the Lake District.
Below is a list of five different types of bombs based on the fundamental explosive mechanism they employ.
The ride is in all four RollerCoaster Tycoon games.
Ensembles consist of around ten xylophones of three or four sizes.
In humans, the first set normally starts to appear at about six months of age, although some babies are born with one or more visible teeth, known as neonatal teeth.
Nowadays in Shanxi province, there are still some traditional vinegar workshops producing handmade vinegar which is aged for at least five years with a high acidity.
The four stable isotopes of lead could theoretically undergo alpha decay to isotopes of mercury with a release of energy, but this has not been observed for any of them
Polyandry, where a female raises two broods with two separate males, has also been reported in the West Indian woodpecker.
John Milton wrote four divorce tracts in 1643–1645 that argued for the legitimacy of divorce on grounds of spousal incompatibility.
This was a revolutionary discovery as, until that point, most scientists had believed dinosaurs walked on four feet, like other lizards.
It has 12 months, broken down into two groups of six often termed "winter months" and "summer months".
This was the first time that Apple has simultaneously launched two models and the inclusion of China in the list of markets contributed to the record sales result.
Five surveys of 260 refugee children from three countries yielded a prevalence of 11% for post-traumatic stress disorder.
A run becomes official when an athlete and their sled, in contact with one another, crosses the finish line.
Permanently" here means that the daily averaged temperature has remained above or below the limit for seven consecutive days.
Thus, if two equidistant food sources of different qualities are found simultaneously, the pheromone trail to the better one will be stronger.
If one has friends or peers who engage in drug use favorably, the chances of them developing an addiction increases.
The cylindrical bore is primarily responsible for the clarinet's distinctive timbre, which varies between its three main registers, known as the chalumeau, clarion, and altissimo.
Beacon lights are positioned at the intersection of two roads to aid in navigation.
In addition to two or three alliterations, the odd-numbered lines had partial rhyme of consonants with dissimilar vowels, not necessarily at the beginning of the word
They are designed to be lightweight so they can be moved from one place to another by being carried by group of men, a practice commonly called bayanihan.
It is possible for some species to show combined varieties at one time, especially if one variety is opacity-based and the other is pattern-based.
Finally, if a plane contains more than two points of a base, it contains the entire base and the cylindric section is a circle.
The panel is made up of 24–30 players and five substitutions are allowed per game.
In most species, teeth are replaced one at a time as opposed to the simultaneous replacement of an entire row, which is observed in the cookiecutter shark.
Perhaps the most widely known tour is the PGA Tour, which tends to attract the strongest fields, outside the four Majors and the four World Golf Championships events.
Where a person or entity has multiple rivals, the most significant one may be called an archrival.
As bungalows are one or one and a half stories, strategically planted trees and shrubs are usually sufficient to block the view of neighbors.
Barrels come in three basic shapes: cylindrical, ton, or torpedo.
Since then, a response to this publication has been published, highlighting seven problems in data interpretation, and concludes "the conclusions should not be accepted unconditionally".
Usually, only one egg is laid per season.
The route will be consist of eight lines and will be the longest monorail route in Europe with its 47.0 km.
The Council under the Town Act of 1988 consists of eight members serving staggered two-year terms with two elected from each of four wards.
Aristotle divides comedy into three categories or subgenres: farce, romantic comedy, and satire.
Wolf pups begin play-fighting at the age of three weeks, though unlike young coyotes and foxes, their bites are gentle and controlled.
Historically, people have taken three main approaches to integrating elves into Christian cosmology, all of which are found widely across time and space:Identifying elves with the demons of Judaeo-Christian-Mediterranean tradition.
Squids and other cephalopods have two "gill hearts" also known as branchial hearts, and one "systemic heart".
These scholars individuated nine different cities that had overlapped with one another, from prehistory to the Hellenistic period.
In the West, Aristotle postulated in c. 350 BCE that the two most basic tastes were sweet and bitter.
In a 1994 study, nearly 77% of litters died before eight weeks of birth, and nearly 83% of those alive could not make it to adolescence .
These were traditionally divided into two suborders: the largely fruit-eating megabats, and the echolocating microbats.
For example, seventeen deaths were caused by rubber bullets in Northern Ireland over the thirty five years between 1970 and 2005.
In the United States from 1950 to 1974, the percentage of housing without full plumbing fell from 34 to three percent
This suit comes in two styles, Elite and Super Elite.
Another eight political parties, have representatives in the NPC and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference .
A protein contains at least one long polypeptide.
They are basically sewn back-centered and consist of "right ushiromigoro" and "left ushiromigoro", but for wool fabric, the ushiromigoro consists of one piece.
Depending on resource availability, the larvae pass through four instars over 10–14 days, after which pupation occurs.
The top four teams in the Meads Cup pool at the end of Round Two advance to the Meads Cup semifinals
The National Rodeo Championship, sanctioned by said organization, has been held to crown the national champions in each of the seven standard events in American Rodeo.
For a person with basic nine-year school education, the term of training is four years
Ages vary by region, as there is no national rule set for this event, but generally participants are at least eight years old and compete through about age 14.
Each pencil was three inches long, was thicker than standard pencils and had softer graphite than was normally available.
However, Apple has supported older iterations of iPhones for over four years.
Ford and Lincoln vehicles are currently marketed in ten countries in the region.
Tactics are simplified on the one hand by the strict sequence of play, and complicated on the other hand by the continuation of deadness.
One key technique used for seamlessly transitioning from one song to another is beatmatching.
Survival without water is usually limited to three or four days.
The control and signaling equipment consists of three components, the ringer, the hookswitch, and a dial.
The most common numeral system is the Hindu–Arabic numeral system, which allows representing any number by a combination of ten basic numerals called digits.
The 2010 version of the appellation regulations lists seven varieties as allowed, Arbane, Chardonnay, Petit Meslier, Pinot blanc, Pinot gris, Pinot Meunier, and Pinot noir.
It follows six cosplayers throughout their day-to-day lives and what cosplay means to them.
These nicknames are not standardized, so one area may call a bullhead catfish by the nickname "chucklehead", while in another state or region, that nickname refers to the blue catfish.
This sodium channel is known as an epithelial sodium channel and is composed of three subunits.
Goldfish have a memory-span of at least three months and can distinguish between different shapes, colors and sounds.
The maximum number of tackles was later increased to six , and in rugby league this became known as the six tackle rule.
In the case of wind or aeolian chimes, the tubes are blown against one another by the wind.
The nine "team roles" are as follows: coordinator/chairperson, shaper, innovator, resource investigator, monitor/evaluator, implementer, teamworker, completer/finisher, and specialist.
German velotaxis are three-wheeled, powered vehicles with a space for a driver and, behind the driver, space for two passengers.
A second subway, the PATH system, connects six stations in Manhattan to northern New Jersey.
This fountain is part of the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial in Washington D.C., which has four outdoor "rooms" illustrating his Presidency.
Females with a normal body size and who have had sufficient summer nutrition can begin breeding anytime between the ages of one to three years.
The Freemason's Tavern was the setting for five more meetings between October and December, which eventually produced the first comprehensive set of rules.
Archaeological evidence suggests that curved sewing pins have been used for over four thousand years.
The Labour Party had 17 councillors and the Green Party had four with three Independents.
Essentially, this entails stenciling a print of one or more colors using spray-paint.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute began a weekly series of live stereophonic broadcasts in November 1952 by using two campus-based AM stations, although the listening area did not extend beyond the campus.
Often the claw and blade are at an angle with one another.
Results support six monophyletic tiger clades corresponding with the living subspecies and indicate that the most recent common ancestor lived about 110,000 years ago.
Males with a twin sister sometimes view her as their female alter ego, or what they would have been like, if they had two X chromosomes.
However, in the English translations of these texts, "dialogue" was used to translate two Latin words with distinct meanings, colloquium and dialogus .
Theoretically, mixing together the three primary colors, or the three secondary colors, will absorb all visible light and create black.
A variation on the rolled pleat is the stacked pleat, which is rolled similarly and requires at least five inches of fabric per finished pleat.
As part of this, ten "lighter-than-air" bases across the United States were built as part of the coastal defence plan
In at least one species, the architectural design of a burrow is a genetic trait.
Fifty is the smallest number that is the sum of two non-zero square numbers in two distinct ways: 50 = 12 + 72 = 52 + 52.
He gets mad because he takes as an insult that he is the only one to get subtitled.
Sucket fork: A utensil with tines at one end of the stem and a spoon at the other.
According to Planck, there are three main conceptual approaches to heat.
In a mixture of three or more ionic species of dissimilar size and shape, crystallization can be so difficult that the liquid can easily be supercooled into a glass.
It is possible to bisect an angle into two equal parts with ruler and compass.
This alignment of three celestial objects is known as a syzygy.
In 2019, Austria banned the hijab in schools for children up to ten years of age.
According to Dr. J.E. Thayer of Sidney, there are two stories of how the sundae got its name.
Most mammals, including the six most species-rich orders, belong to the placental group.
Named the "Great Wall of Brodgar" it was four metres thick and four metres tall.
American anthropologist Lewis H. Morgan published Ancient Society in 1877 based on his theory of the three stages of human progress from Savagery through Barbarism to Civilization.
Each spinneret has many spigots, each of which is connected to one silk gland.
Mortality rates were eight times higher for thoroughbreds than standardbreds, and highest amongst young horses.
It has also been stated that one says " bless you" so that one does not catch the flu, cold, or any other forms of sickness.
During World War II, sugar rations diminished candy production, and Americans compensated by eating three times as much popcorn as they had before.
In contrast to the more common forms of sledding, back country sledding involves four important elements in combination: a great amount of directional control, flotation, a binding system, and padding.
The World Youth Netball Championships started in Canberra in 1988, and have been held roughly every four years since.
In 1805, Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac and Alexander von Humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen
Opposition of the subject generally, though not exclusively, comes from three main sources: law, feminism and religion.
In August 2014, Uruguay legalized growing up to six plants at home, as well as the formation of growing clubs, and a state-controlled marijuana dispensary regime.
These factors all contribute to the ability of the whole cocoon to be unravelled as one continuous thread, permitting a much stronger cloth to be woven from the silk.
In the case of pistol duels, each party would fire one shot.
When four satellites are used, the key steps are inversion of a 4x4 matrix and solution of a single-variable quadratic equation.
Then the bark was pounded from the branches and soaked in water for eight days.
There are three types of boredom, all of which involve problems of engagement of attention.
The head must be seven to nine inches wide and the top of the ball must remain above the side walls when dropped in the pocket.
This weapon consisted of a weight on one end of a chain, and a sickle on the other.
Physical space is often conceived in three linear dimensions, although modern physicists usually consider it, with time, to be part of a boundless four-dimensional continuum known as spacetime.
For example, one describing that he/she is feeling cold due to a lack of proper clothing and/or a cold weather can accompany his/her verbal description with a visual one.
In a "shootout" tournament, players do not change tables until every table has been reduced to one player.
These resources are administered in at least six functional areas: legal contracting, manufacturing or service production, marketing, accounting, financing, and human resources.
As illustrated above, the pitch is marked at each end with four white painted lines: a bowling crease, a popping crease and two return creases.
The term "boxcars", also known as "midnight", is the outcome of rolling the dice and getting a six on each die.
The browband runs from just under one ear of the horse, across the forehead, to just under the other ear.
When referring to individual lanes on dual carriageways, one does not consider traffic travelling the opposite direction.
He also wrote a set of four pieces for clarinet, viola, and piano, Märchenerzählungen.
The two most common types of propeller cavitation are suction side surface cavitation and tip vortex cavitation.
However, one single, "The Night", was released in Britain in 1975, and thanks to popularity from the Northern Soul circuit, reached number seven on the UK Singles Chart.
It typically ranges from about one to ten kilometers in width and is commonly filled with mountain sediments.
Only eight selections from the film were included in this first edition of the album.
Astrological dice are a specialized set of three 12-sided dice for divination
Cleavage occurs typically in either one, two, three, four, or six directions.
However, they have been identified as having at least four different types of feather: in addition to the traditional feather, the emperor has afterfeathers, plumules, and filoplumes.
Typically there are three qualification rounds to determine qualification for the final.
Detergents are classified into three broad groupings, depending on the electrical charge of the surfactants.
In physical science, one may distinguish conceptually between at least seven different aspects of mass, or seven physical notions that involve the concept of mass.
In 1801 Thomas Young proposed his trichromatic theory, based on the observation that any color could be matched with a combination of three lights.
The three main sections of an excavator are the undercarriage, the house and the arm .
In his study of Harrison County, Texas, Randolph B. Campbell classifies large planters as owners of 20 slaves, and small planters as owners of between ten and 19 slaves.
Bear Trust International works for wild bears and other wildlife through four core program initiatives, namely Conservation Education, Wild Bear Research, Wild Bear Management, and Habitat Conservation.
In Australia, some tribes have up to eight seasons in a year, as do the Sami people in Scandinavia.
The top three producers of refined lead were China, the United States, and India.
Titanic was equipped with three main engines—two reciprocating four-cylinder, triple-expansion steam engines and one centrally placed low-pressure Parsons turbine—each driving a propeller.
Peter eventually managed to reverse the process, and merge his two halves back together before the side-effects could worsen and result in their death.
Like other tetrapods, humans have two external nostrils and two additional nostrils at the back of the nasal cavity, inside the head .
It can be proved, though, that it is impossible to divide an angle into three equal parts using only a compass and straightedge — the problem of angle trisection.
Stride jump should only be used in water depth of five feet or more and the lifeguard should be no higher than three feet above ground.
The first five and final verses of "Anand Sahib," the "Song of Bliss," are recited or sung.
This means that the four people present at the altar are the officiant , the bride, groom, and best man.
When five appears in front of a lucky number, e.g. "58", the result is considered unlucky.
The ossicles are three small bones in the middle ear which are involved in sound transduction.
Furnaces can be classified into four general categories, based on efficiency and design.
These chicks were released into the park and recaptured one year later.
The other, rarer type, consists of two independent pianos placed one above the other—one for the hands and one for the feet.
Fission occurs in some corals, especially among the family Fungiidae, where the colony splits into two or more colonies during early developmental stages.
At the 2000 Gay Games VI in Sydney, netball and volleyball were the two sports with the highest rates of transgender athletes participating.
There are four basic rhythms: salsa, reggaeton, merengue and cumbia, and each basic rhythm has four core steps.
During World War II, when the U.S. dollar was valued at five shillings, the half crown acquired the nickname "half dollar" in the UK.
However one day the shark swam into the river estuary to hunt, this angered the crocodile, who declared it his territory.
Homologous proteins are found in birch pollen and apple, suggesting that people may develop cross-reactivity to all three species.
Water is essential to plants for four reasons:It constitutes 80%-95% of the plant's protoplasm.
All three species became extinct before the last glaciation.
Economic transactions occur when two groups or parties agree to the value or price of the transacted good or service, commonly expressed in a certain currency.
The Melbourne Football Club was founded the following year, and Wills and three other members codified the first laws of the game.
Between 325 and 340 species of hummingbirds are described, depending on taxonomic viewpoint, divided into two subfamilies, the hermits , and the typical hummingbirds .
One example of this is military rucksacks which have smaller pouches or bags attached on the sides using one or two zippers
Most Poles equate the English word "lunch" with "obiad" because it is the second of the three main meals of the day
After a set cycle time the operation of the two beds is interchanged, thereby allowing for a continuous supply of gaseous oxygen to be pumped through a pipeline.
Desk rulers are used for three main purposes: to measure, to aid in drawing straight lines and as a straight guide for cutting and scoring with a blade.
There were no winter thaws and on February 2, 1881, a second massive blizzard struck that lasted for nine days.
Neon was the second of these three rare gases to be discovered and was immediately recognized as a new element from its bright red emission spectrum.
A set of five bridges cross a sinuous waterway in an important courtyard of the Forbidden City in Beijing, China.
Al-Majid was sentenced to death three more times: once for the 1991 suppression of a Shi'a uprising along with Abdul-Ghani Abdul Ghafur on 2 December 2008
If two opposite corners of a cube are truncated at the depth of the three vertices directly connected to them, an irregular octahedron is obtained.
According to Livy, the three "tribes" were squadrons of cavalry, rather than ethnic divisions.
There are two major types of clowns with "whiteface" makeup:The classic "white clown" is derived from the Pierrot character.
For anarchist political philosopher L. Susan Brown "Liberalism and anarchism are two political philosophies that are fundamentally concerned with individual freedom yet differ from one another in very distinct ways.
The five sutures are the two squamous sutures, one coronal, one lambdoid, and one sagittal suture.
The block consists of three rows of three squares.
Clicking "Get NookStudy Help" redirects one to the "NOOK Study Knowledge Base", where they can download the Nook Study app as well as find answers to frequently asked questions.
After three centuries, when Christianity had come to Ireland, she was baptized.
A young female before she has had a calf of her own and is under three years of age is called a heifer .
The product of this instantaneous price and the float at any one time is the market capitalization of the entity offering the equity at that point in time.
In cultures with a four-day week, the three Sabbaths derive from the culture's main religious tradition: Friday , Saturday , and Sunday .
The next three are the Primates , the Cetartiodactyla , and the Carnivora .
Japan only recognizes four types of nursing and they are Public Health Nursing, Midwifery, Registered Nursing and Assistant Nursing.
In 2012, London became the first city to have hosted three modern Summer Olympic Games.
Central muscle group: The four lumbricals arise on the medial side of the tendons of flexor digitorum longus and are inserted on the medial margins of the proximal phalanges.
The top two seeds get double byes and the next two seeds first-round byes.
However this is no longer common usage and "stereo sound" almost exclusively means two channels, left and right.
Degrees of truth in logic may be represented using two or more discrete values, as with bivalent logic , three-valued logic, and other forms of finite-valued logic.
In the Czech Republic, the term "vocational school" can refer to the two, three or four years of secondary practical education.
One in four sexually active teenagers will contract an STI.
The four pairs of gonads are attached to the septa, and close to them four septal funnels open to the exterior, perhaps supplying good oxygenation to the gonads.
The living squirrels are divided into five subfamilies, with about 58 genera and some 285 species.
On Saint James Day, while he was between Cuba and the Bahamas, a hurricane raged for nearly two days.
Integration proceeded slowly: by 1953, only six of the 16 major league teams had a black player on the roster.
For instance, São Paulo received approximately 733,000 immigrants in the decade preceding 1900, whilst only receiving approximately 201,000 immigrants in the six years to 1890.
A humidor's interior lining is typically constructed with three types of wood: Spanish cedar, American red cedar, and Honduran mahogany.
The Tang dynasty divided the Qiang in four categories: "一曰漆枪， 二曰木枪， 三曰白杆枪， 四曰扑头枪。” Roughly translated the four categories are: Qi Spears, Wooden Spears, Bai Gan Spears and Pu Tou Qiang.
A lens with one convex and one concave side is convex-concave or meniscus.
It is often contrasted with monophonic, or "mono" sound, where audio is heard as coming from one position, often ahead in the sound field .
There are two types of misrepresentation: fraud in the factum and fraud in inducement.
Extensive cullings occurred in Queensland in 1915, 1917, and again in 1919, when over one million koalas were killed with guns, poisons, and nooses.
Finally, the Quadra is a song where the same verse is repeated four times, either three singer verses followed by one chorus response, or one verse and one response.
Titanic was long thought to have sunk in one piece and, over the years, many schemes were put forward for raising the wreck.
The oldest method of nursing education is the hospital-based diploma program, which lasts approximately three years.
A third way is to give one unit of rise in say 10, 20, 50 or 100 horizontal units, e.g. 1:10.
Stairs may be in a straight run, leading from one floor to another without a turn or change in direction.
This is likely a result of most ancient calendars being lunar calendars, where a month is defined as one lunar cycle.
By December 2012, DriveNow operated over 1,000 vehicles, in five cities and with approximately 60,000 customers.
Large roundabouts such as those used at motorway junctions typically have two to six lanes and may include traffic lights to regulate flow.
Heavy cruisers were equipped with eight or nine 8 in guns with a range of more than 20 nautical miles.
A tadpole tricycle has two front wheels and one rear wheel.
While traditionally schools are divided into four main branches, each region has its own version of the carpets.
The book is likely to be the first treatise on the development and educating infants and children up to six in the family.
There are five different hairstyles that a maiko wears, that mark the different stages of her apprenticeship.
In 2017 two major countries, Turkey and the Philippines, saw their executives making moves to reinstate the death penalty.
In 1872, along with two local doctors, they founded the world's first tennis club on Avenue Road, Leamington Spa.
In the Middle Ages, some upper-class women wore skirts over three metres in diameter at the bottom.
The hall is blood red and pale yellow, with a green billiard table in the center, and four lamps of lemon yellow, with rays of orange and green.
In almost all modern computers, each memory cell is set up to store binary numbers in groups of eight bits .
This means, they always show one face to their stars, with one side in perpetual day, the other in perpetual night.
In the playoffs, six umpires are used: one at each base and two in the outfield along the foul lines.
Today, Campbell's Tomato , Cream of Mushroom, and Chicken Noodle are three of the most popular soups in America.
Together, home plate and the three bases form a diamond around the pitcher, with each side of the diamond measuring 90 feet.
Species interact in three ways: competition, predation and mutualism.
The three species of small waterfowl in the genus Nettapus are named "pygmy geese".
Many powerlifters adopt the overhand grip for their lower weight sets and move to the mixed grip to lift larger weights so they can achieve their one rep max.
Rather, they consist two to three pieces of cloth sewn together with decorative embroidery stitches.
Champagne corks are mostly built from three sections and are referred to as agglomerated corks.
Titanic was equipped with eight electric cranes, four electric winches and three steam winches to lift cargo and baggage in and out of the holds.
Robert Lang and Alex Bateman are two designers who use computer programs to create origami tessellations.
In homothallic sexual reproduction, two haploid nuclei derived from the same individual fuse to form a zygote that can then undergo meiosis.
In 1926, a New York tie maker, Jesse Langsdorf, came up with a method of cutting the fabric on the bias and sewing it in three segments.
Currencies can be classified into two monetary systems: fiat money and commodity money, depending on what guarantees the currency's value .
Much of this is summarized in three review articles.
The number of metrical feet in a line are described using Greek terminology: tetrameter for four feet and hexameter for six feet, for example.
The six "arms" of the snowflake, or dendrites, then grow independently from each of the corners of the hexagon, while either side of each arm grows independently.
In response, eight women in San Francisco met in their living rooms in 1955 to socialize and have a safe place to dance.
For each location in the visual field, the three types of cones yield three signals based on the extent to which each is stimulated.
The three old German battleships Schleswig-Holstein, Schlesien, and Hessen all met similar ends.
Outrigger kayaks attach one or two smaller hulls to the main hull to enhance stability, especially for fishing, touring, kayak sailing and motorized kayaking.
People have an average of two to four million sweat glands.
Even in a modern drum kit, they remain paired with the bass drum as the two instruments which are played with the player's feet.
In the US during 2012, women owned an average of nine bras and wore six on a regular basis.
Anti-fashion is different depending on the cultural or social group one is associated with or where one lives, but within that group or locality the style changes little.
The surface of the trunk is folded like a concertina, allowing it to expand, and a large specimen can hold eight tons of water after a good downpour.
Minor veins are more typical of angiosperms, which may have as many as four higher orders.
The 15 milliliter supply of methoxyflurane would typically last for two to three hours, during which time the user would often be partly amnesic to the sense of pain
This includes Åland , two constituent countries of the Kingdom of Denmark , three Crown dependencies, and two British Overseas Territories.
Manhattan has ten City Council members, the third largest contingent among the five boroughs.
As a result of the fire, eight teenagers perished.
The midpoint triangle subdivides the reference triangle into four congruent triangles which are similar to the reference triangle.
From 2002 to 2006 five deaths and 861 serious injuries were recorded.
In games where one team leads by a large margin, the run ahead rule may come into play in order to reduce any potential embarrassment of weaker teams.
The first Walmart Neighborhood Market opened ten years after the first Supercenter opened, yet Walmart renewed its focus on the smaller grocery store format in the 2010s.
A quintet is a group containing five members.
A bunk bed is two or more beds one atop the other.
These developments were combined in June 1978 by three friends, Jean-Claude Bétemps, André Bohn and Gérard Bosson, from Mieussy, Haute-Savoie, France.
There are four forms of calcium in the soil.
Each is held every four years.
If five innings have been played, the game is recorded as it stands.
It was traditionally used as both an interior and exterior finish applied in one or two thin layers directly over a solid masonry, brick, or stone surface.
The "immune" system can stay in this activated state for up to three weeks.
The Piazza Navona became a grand theater of water, with three fountains, built in a line on the site of the Stadium of Domitian.
In both team and individual debate a list of topics are given to the two sides thirty minutes before the start of the round.
Amateur games typically use from three to ten balls, the number tailored to the size of the court and the number of players.
The general solution for a harmonic oscillator in two or more dimensions is also an ellipse.
Time is controlled using a chess clock that has two displays, one for each player's remaining time.
Mohan, V. "India's tiger population increases by 30% in past three years
It is the county council that have the responsibility to appoints juries for a tenure of four years under which they may serve in multiple cases.
Some foals can nurse for up to three years in domesticity because the mare is less likely to conceive another foetus.
Dumplings come in three forms in Jamaica, fried, boiled, and roasted.
There has been only one other similar bullying case and it was won in Australia in 2013 .
When the zipper is closed, the two facing sides of the plastic sheeting are squeezed tightly against one another both above and below the zipper teeth, forming a double seal.
A chessboard is usually square in shape, with an alternating pattern of squares in two colours.
One in four teens were "heavy" social media users, meaning they used at least two different types of social media each and every day.
In 2015 the Electronic Frontier Foundation awarded Apple five out of five stars "commend Apple for its strong stance regarding user rights, transparency, and privacy.
At the time of its creation, only two tournaments, the Lipton International Players Championships in Florida and the German Open in Berlin, comprised the Tier I category.
A group of eight binary digits is commonly called one byte, but historically the size of the byte is not strictly defined.
All three types are formed from plate tectonics: when portions of the Earth's crust move, crumple, and dive.
As the cochlear duct's mesenchyme begins to differentiate, three cavities are formed: the scala vestibuli, the scala tympani and the scala media.
Eau de toilette lasts from 2 to 4 hours, while perfume may last up to six hours.
Competitions consist of two races which are called motos with a duration of 30 minutes plus two laps.
A cashless society can be defined as one in which all financial transactions are handled through digital currency in preference to cash .
These beans sell for up to $1,100 a kilogram , achieving the world's most expensive coffee, three times costlier than palm civet coffee beans.
Grass on golf courses is kept in three distinct conditions: that of the rough, the fairway, and the putting green.
Over the next four years, he improved his system with the help of equipment and patents licensed from another American inventor in the field, Theodore Case.
The Serious Leisure Perspective is a way of viewing the wide range of leisure pursuits in three main categories: casual leisure, serious leisure, and project-based Leisure.
These five are each called "boroughs" in context of city government, but are still called "county" where state function is involved, e.g., "New York County Courthouse".
This mixture can be combined with a potassium fertilizer to produce a compound fertilizer with the three macronutrients N, P and K in easily dissolved form.
There are three senior non-league football clubs based in the city.
Labrador is divided into four provincial electoral districts in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly.
Considerable differences exist between onion varieties in phytochemical content, particularly for polyphenols, with shallots having the highest level, six times the amount found in Vidalia onions.
The order is subdivided into three superfamilies: the Psittacoidea , the Cacatuoidea , and the Strigopoidea .
For example, in a collision of two particles, a reference frame can be chosen, where, one particle begins at rest.
Modern bears comprise eight species in three subfamilies: Ailuropodinae , Tremarctinae , and Ursinae .
The licentiate is a popular choice in those countries where a full doctoral degree would take five or more years to achieve.
Dr. John Le Gay Brereton opened a Turkish bath in Sydney, Australia in 1859, Canada had one by 1869, and the first in New Zealand was opened in 1874.
These bits have four rings so that the inner two rings may be attached to the cheek pieces and the outer pair to the reins.
Fingernails require three to six months to regrow completely, and toenails require twelve to eighteen months.
These three factions are trapped in a stalemate
Only 333 bodies of Titanic victims were recovered, one in five of the over 1,500 victims.
He created three Pectinidae subfamilies: Camptonectinidae, Chlamydinae and Pectininae.
The egg is generally oblong, slightly curved and tapering at one end.
The most historically important of these are the three seasons—flood, growth, and low water—which were previously defined by the former annual flooding of the Nile in Egypt.
Many crocheted items are composed of individual motifs which are then joined together, either by sewing or crocheting, whereas knitting is usually composed of one fabric, such as entrelac.
A mermaid with two tails is referred to as a melusine.
The first chewing tooth on each side of the jaw falls out when the elephant is two to three years old.
The active officers are the captain, and three or four lieutenants, these four active officers are distinguished by red lines on their helmets.
Today there are three styles of venting: the single-vented style
Subaru, meanwhile, was formed from a conglomerate of six companies who banded together as Fuji Heavy Industries, as a result of having been broken up under keiretsu legislation.
Gametes can be identical in form and function , but, in many cases, an asymmetry has evolved such that two different types of gametes exist .
It is believed that the design first originated in Christchurch, New Zealand, in 1906 when Boon & Co Ltd. built 26 such trams in three series.
Every standard houseboat provides a balcony in the front, a lounge, dining room, pantry and three or more bedrooms with attached bathrooms.
Réard's company folded in 1988, four years after his death.
The major writing systems—methods of inscription—broadly fall into five categories: logographic, syllabic, alphabetic, featural, and ideographic .
Each of the three thoracic segments has two legs .
Different machines produced 12- or 24- hour photographic traces of the minute-by-minute variations of atmospheric pressure, temperature, humidity, atmospheric electricity, and the three components of geomagnetic forces.
The body lies in state for three days in the house.
The sperm of mosses is biflagellate, i.e. they have two flagellae that aid in propulsion.
Conversely, in algebraically unconstrained contexts, a single complex coordinate system may be applied to an object having two real dimensions.
The roughness of two simultaneous harmonic complex tones depends on the amplitudes of the harmonics and the interval between the tones.
The shot must be released above the height of the shoulder, using only one hand.
The U.S. Army and the state National Guards operate 98 military history museums across the United States and three abroad.
In 1897 Britain sold ten thousand tons of natural indigo on the world market, while BASF sold six hundred tons of synthetic indigo.
The Americans initially lost four destroyers including Laffey, with both heavy cruisers, most of the remaining destroyers, and both anti-aircraft cruisers damaged.
The Fiesta de Carnaval is often the most popular celebration, usually held over three days prior to Ash Wednesday, but the festivities often extend to the full week.
Dispensing of medication is often regulated by governments into three categories—over-the-counter medications, which are available in pharmacies and supermarkets without special restrictions
In the preface to his book, the Muqaddimah , the Arab historian and early sociologist, Ibn Khaldun, warned of seven mistakes that he thought that historians regularly committed.
For seven percent of respondents, it was their least favorite color.
There are two methods.
In Acts 21:23 we hear of four men who, having a vow on them, had their heads shaved at Paul's expense.
There are four main kinds of wetlands – marsh, swamp, bog and fen .
The four extrinsic muscles act to change the position of the tongue, and are anchored to bone.
Neutering them at around five or six months of age decreases the chances of aggressive behavior developing.
There are nine national parks and 46 natural parks in France, with the government planning to convert 20% of its Exclusive economic zone into a Marine protected area by 2020.
When worn as a sari, an extra-long cloth of nine yards is used and the ends are then passed up over the shoulders and the upper body.
Most arrows will have three fletches, but some have four or even more.
Herodotus in Book 1, Chapter 68, describes how the Spartans uncovered in Tegea the body of Orestes, which was seven cubits long—around 10 feet .
Regan Smith drove the #88 car for two races, including a top-10 finish at Kansas Speedway.
Most commercial icemakers produce three basic types of fragmentary ice: flake, tubular and plate, using a variety of techniques.
In the presence of nitrogen fertilizers, and intensive crop management, these varieties increase their yield two to three times.
In either case, if the two stallions meet, there rarely is a true fight
The softer parts of artichokes are also eaten raw, one leaf at the time dipped in vinegar and olive oil, or thinly sliced and dressed with lemon and olive oil.
The game Rock paper scissors involves two or more players making shapes with their hands to determine the outcome of the game.
The programmers of the ENIAC were six women, often known collectively as the "ENIAC girls".
The typical pitchfork consists of a fork bearing two tines fixed to one end of a handle.
The rules for the line of play often differ from one variant to another.
Initial healing time for an earlobe piercing performed with an ear piercing instrument is typically six to eight weeks.
In a study published in 2008, aggression was divided into four categories: aggression directed at strangers, owner, strange dogs, and rivalry with other household dogs.
In the UK, a row of schoolchildren walking in pairs, or two by two is known as 'crocodile'.
A candle flame is widely recognized as having between three and five regions or "zones":Zone I - this is the non-luminous, lowest, and coolest part of the candle flame.
Another similarity to the smaller cats is the long and flexible spine, as opposed to the stiff and short one in other large felids.
Of the three fossil fuels, coal has the most widely distributed resources.
As with the EU, one holds Commonwealth citizenship only by being a citizen of a Commonwealth member state.
For example, an ordinary two-dimensional spherical surface, when given a complex metric, becomes a Riemann sphere of one complex dimension.
The Gautama Buddha has taught that there are three basic kleshas at the root of samsara and the vicious cycle of rebirth.
Phil Beadle, a UK Secondary Teacher of the Year, believes that it is best to arrange the desks in groups of six desks if at all possible.
Banking crises have developed many times throughout history when one or more risks have emerged for a banking sector as a whole.
This state of affairs was highly marked in the various cases of the Poincaré conjecture, where four different proof methods are applied.
There are four key elements to creating iconic brands :"Necessary conditions" – The performance of the product must at least be acceptable, preferably with a reputation of having good quality.
In one instance, a flash flood killed eight people enjoying the water on a Sunday afternoon at a popular waterfall in a narrow canyon.
The three critical flight dynamics parameters are the angles of rotation in three dimensions about the vehicle's center of mass, known as pitch, roll and yaw .
In its 2012 annual report, AOL showed it still collected around US$700 million in fees from dial-up users: about three million people.
These phenomena were investigated in the late eighteenth century by Charles-Augustin de Coulomb, who deduced that charge manifests itself in two opposing forms.
The Woodward's building was a derelict department store which had stood empty for nine years.
If the three conditions are not met, fear is an inappropriate emotion.
There are three broad categories of forest definitions in use: administrative, land use, and land cover.
The German Army equivalent of the platoon is the Zug , consisting of a Zugtrupp , of four to six men, and three squads of eight to eleven men each.
On one flight it reached an altitude of 354,300 feet.
Breeding efforts have yet to produce a hypoallergenic fruit suitable for either of the two forms of apple allergy.
Kip Kinkel , an Oregon boy who was convicted of killing his parents at home and two fellow students at school on May 20, 1998.
Generally when bowing in proximity to another, as necessitated when combining bowing and shaking hands, people turn slightly to one side to avoid bumping heads.
Although 3,000 hit club member Craig Biggio played his first three full seasons as a catcher, he played his remaining sixteen seasons at second base and in the outfield.
In September 1939, RCA agreed to pay the Farnsworth Television and Radio Corporation royalties over the next ten years for access to Farnsworth's patents.
Scientific experiments have demonstrated that these five tastes exist and are distinct from one another.
The pool depth should be at least five feet if jumping from an elevated position.
The resolution has since been circulated to all state councils and the Supreme Court for adoption but over five years now, the resolution largely remained on paper.
Complexion involved the balance of the four fundamental qualities of heat, coldness, moistness, and dryness.
Due to its location in a steep-sided valley, the Italian town of Viganella gets no direct sunlight for seven weeks each winter.
Ancient Greeks identified four forms of love: kinship or familiarity , friendship and/or platonic desire , sexual and/or romantic desire , and self-emptying or divine love .
Each match began with two teams facing each other in parallel lines, before attempting to kick the ball through each other team's line and then at a goal.
The recording, which was included as part of the "MacArthur Park Suite" on her double live album Live and More, was eight minutes and 40 seconds long on the album.
Because death is certain, it also does not meet the third criterion, but he grants that the unpredictability of when one dies may be cause to a sense of fear.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1998 to May 1999 she ran nine times and won four races.
Minivan is an American car classification for vehicles designed to transport passengers in the rear seating row, with reconfigurable seats in two or three rows.
The Airboat line operated for about four months, carrying more than 1,200 passengers who paid $5 each.
Understanding, the third level of listening, means knowing how what one says will affect another.
Research published in 2001 showed that strawberries actually occur in three basic flowering habits: short-day, long-day, and day-neutral.
When there are many options and the choice that one makes is disappointing, the individual is responsible.
Harvard's team put seven men on the line of scrimmage, with three halfbacks who alternated at quarterback and a lone fullback.
Slow-pitch softball is played with ten fielders but can be played with nine if needed.
Generally, this pattern is a circuit consisting of five "legs" that form a rectangle .
There are three separate pole units, with each unit consisting of two uprights and a connecting ridge.
It is known that George Edward Pendray was the one to create the term "laundromat" for Westinghouse.
The latter two losses are dependent on the type of exercise and the type of muscle fibers being used .
Only one percent of respondents chose it as their favorite color preferences.
Mission Specialist Educators, or "Educator Astronauts", were first selected in 2004, and as of 2007, there are three NASA Educator astronauts: Joseph M. Acaba, Richard R. Arnold, and Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger.
Spiders are air-breathing arthropods that have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs able to inject venom.
At least four allotropes of iron are known, conventionally denoted α, γ, δ, and ε.
Rifle platoons consist of three rifle squads of 13 men each, led by a sergeant .
The penis of the Sumatran rhinoceros contains two lateral lobes and a structure called the processus glandis.
The four stores closed in 2011.In 2015, Walmart began testing a free grocery pickup service, allowing customers to select products online and choose their pickup time.
Most starfish have five arms that radiate from a central disc, but the number varies with the group.
Lenses are classified by the curvature of the two optical surfaces.
They took their names from the colours of the two most popular chariot racing teams at the Hippodrome of Constantinople.
Established as the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club in 1884, the non-profit organization conducts nearly 700 races every season at the two race tracks: in Happy Valley and Sha Tin.
V.S.O.P. , Reserve or ✯✯✯✯✯ designates a blend in which the youngest brandy is stored for at least four years in a cask.
Polo pony training generally begins at age three and lasts from about six months to two years.
Gar Wood won this race eight times as a driver and nine times as an owner between 1920 and 1933.
Although they overlap, the two meanings are not synonymous: a stranger is often a foreigner, though not necessarily
Centenarians are unlikely to survive for five years even if treatment is successful.
Half of all male elk killed by wolves lack antlers, at times in which only one quarter of all males have shed antlers.
It is the premier clay court tennis championship event in the world and the second of four annual Grand Slam tournaments.
Only automatic rifles are capable of firing more than one round per trigger squeeze
The indigenous population stabilized around one to one and a half million individuals in the 17th century from the most commonly accepted five to thirty million pre-contact population.
In August 1969 the British Army was deployed to restore order and separate the two sides.
He was concerned about how police officers at four different lights signals could not change their lights all at the same time.
The Dutch Republic had contracted several Scots, Swiss and German regiments in the early 18th century, and kept three Scots, one Walloon, and six Swiss regiments throughout the 18th century.
Secondary producers, each having about one million tonnes or less annually, were the United States, Spain, Mexico and Italy.
For three to four hours, the mother may leave the den to feed, which leaves the cub defenseless.
A 2007 study on the genetics of giraffes, suggested they were six species: the West African, Rothschild's, reticulated, Masai, Angolan, and South African giraffe.
In the United States, four physicians who performed abortions have been murdered: David Gunn , John Britton , Barnett Slepian , and George Tiller .
The Classical Greek philosopher Plato discusses five types of regimes: aristocracy, timocracy, oligarchy, democracy and tyranny.
A "moorcock" is traditionally depicted as a rooster possessing a flat tail similar to a black grouse's or one made up of only two large, forked feathers.
In correspondence with Isaac Newton from 1679 and 1680, Hooke conjectured that gravitational forces might decrease according to the double of the distance between the two bodies.
Competitors perform tricks while going from one side to the other and while in the air above the sides of the pipe.
In most professional play and some amateur competition, there is an officiating head judge or chair umpire , who sits in a raised chair to one side of the court.
Although the title "World's Greatest Athlete" seems a natural fit for these two events, its traditional association with the decathlon/heptathlon officially began with Jim Thorpe.
Similarly after an event a huddle may take place to congratulate one another for the teams success, or to commiserate a defeat.
Preference toward one or the other has much to do with the individual
Each human hand has five metacarpals and eight carpal bones.
A subset of this style is the single-spreader bar hammock, which uses a spreader bar on only one end and is much more stable.
However, minivans are usually distinguished by their smaller size and traditionally front wheel drive powertrain, although many now are being equipped with four wheel drive.
In March 2004, four Blackwater USA employees escorting food supplies and other equipment were attacked and killed in Fallujah, in a videotaped attack
The Queen has bred ten generations of dogs from Susan, owning personally more than 30 of the dogs which were either pure-bred Pembroke Welsh Corgis or crossbreed Corgi/Dachshunds called Dorgis.
Often taken for granted, the invention of the buckle was indispensable in securing two ends before the invention of the zipper.
After the lodge was heated, participants entered and the door was sealed shut from the outside with a stone slab, typically for five hours before the participants were let out.
Traditional communal shower facilities, typically one per floor, are now considered substandard and are being phased out.
Instead of internal gills, they develop three feathery external gills that grow from the outer surface of the gill arches.
In addition, the toes of chameleons are divided into two opposed groups on each foot , enabling them to perch on branches as birds do.
About three hundred plant species do not photosynthesize but are parasites on other species of photosynthetic plants.
Peafowl is a common name for three species of birds in the genera Pavo and Afropavo of the Phasianidae family, the pheasants and their allies.
Recently, at least one brand of backpack has been specially designed for professional cooks and culinary students.
To "die with one's boots on" means to die while one is still actively involved in work or to go down fighting.
The gland alveolus is a sac that is divided into three specific regions/layers.
These have three sets of paired chromosomes, three times as many as in diploid wheat.
Native Americans used the Buffalo Pound method to kill buffalo, which required a hunter to dress as a buffalo and lure one into a ravine where other hunters were hiding.
The standard astronomical symbol of Earth consists of a cross circumscribed by a circle, , representing the four corners of the world.
Biochemists often refer to four distinct aspects of a protein's structure:Primary structure: the amino acid sequence.
However, the two fabrics are usually integrated into one, giving it great warmth and excellent drape.
With one other Allied cruiser withdrawn for repairs, the only remaining Allied cruiser in the area was the damaged USS Marblehead.
She famously said, "A woman needs just three things
There are four main grips for executing the forehand and their popularity has fluctuated over the years.
He died in 1957 and the media learned about his death three weeks after his burial.
Although traditionally thought not to have a central nervous system, nerve net concentration and ganglion-like structures could be considered to constitute one in most species.
By comparing the activity of the three different cones, the brain can extract color information from visual stimuli.
They were to still higher standards and one road, the New York State Thruway, had standards that became the prototype for the U.S. Interstate Highway System.
The forces of pressure exerted on the two sides are equal if the plate is at rest.
Evolutionary diffusion theory holds that cultures are influenced by one another but that similar ideas can be developed in isolation.
There are three main strategic differences between earlier stages of the game and the endgame:Pawns become more important.
In one variation of Scrabble, blanks score points corresponding to the letters the blanks are used to represent.
There are also five steamers as well as some old steamships converted to diesel-powered paddlewheelers on Lake Geneva, two steamers on Lake Zurich and single ones on other lakes.
There are a number of methods or color spaces for specifying a color in terms of three particular primary colors.
The natural sex ratio at hatching is five females to one male.
Before the Øresund bridge was opened in July 2000, car and "car and train" ferries departed up to seven times every hour.
Docking and castration are commonly done after 24 hours and are often done not later than one week after birth, to minimize pain, stress, recovery time and complications.
Widely used for pumping difficult materials, such as sewage sludge contaminated with large particles, this pump consists of a helical rotor, about ten times as long as its width.
In the same study, four-stroke mopeds, with and without catalytic converters, emitted three to eight times the hydrocarbons and particulate emissions of the Euro 3 automobile standards.
P. sativum is an annual plant, with a life cycle of one year.
A properly trained group of regular infantry soldiers was able to load and fire four rounds per minute.
After six months, this sushi can be eaten, remaining edible for another six months or more.
Some show archaeological evidence of settlement at three or four different layers, each distinct from the previous one.
As a safety measure, four straps ran from the ends of the rods to a waist belt.
In 1943 Richard James was experimenting with springs as part of his military research when he saw one come loose and fall to the floor.
Corticosteroid by mouth are recommended with five days of prednisone being the same 2 days of dexamethasone.
If the Lissajous figure display is an ellipse, rather than a straight line, the two signals are out of phase.
There are three main uses of locomotives in rail transport operations: for hauling passenger trains, freight trains, and for switching .
For example, the swarming Joe Frazier, though easily dominated by the slugger George Foreman, was able to create many more problems for the boxer Muhammad Ali in their three fights.
At the fifth meeting it was proposed that these two rules be removed.
The weight or ratio of liquid required varies between recipes, but a ratio of three parts liquid to five parts flour is common for yeast breads.
There are six principal tours for women, each based in a different country or continent.
The 2003 award-winning Philippine comedy Crying Ladies revolves around the lives of three women who are part-time professional mourners for the Chinese-Filipino community in Manila's Chinatown.
One aligns two decimal fractions above each other, with the decimal point in the same location.
Harmonically, disco music typically contains major and minor seven chords, which are found more often in jazz than pop music.
On rare occasions, female wolves dig burrows themselves, which are usually small and short with one to three openings.
For example, brane gas cosmology attempts to explain why there are three dimensions of space using topological and thermodynamic considerations.
Peter Singer argues that over the last three decades, "aid has added around one percentage point to the annual growth rate of the bottom billion."
Gun laying means moving the axis of the bore of the barrel in two planes, horizontal and vertical.
The guitar is a fretted musical instrument that usually has six strings.
Indeterminate types are "tender" perennials, dying annually in temperate climates , although they can live up to three years in a greenhouse in some cases.
Fats, oils, and sweets were added to the four basic food groups.
Early house music was generally dance-based music characterized by repetitive four on the floor beats, rhythms mainly provided by drum machines, off-beat hi-hat cymbals, and synthesized basslines.
The four intrinsic muscles act to change the shape of the tongue, and are not attached to any bone.
It is an improved version of the Kolkata-class destroyers Islamic Republic of Iran Navy is currently adding four more Moudge-class frigates to its fleet.
A silver dollar pancake refers to a pancake about two to three inches in diameter, or just a bit bigger than the pre-1979 silver dollar coins in the United States.
Correspondingly, these are the three most circumscribed civilizations in human history.
The destroyers have the capability to carry two Sea King helicopters.
Transits of Venus occur in pairs separated by an interval of eight years, but each pair of events happen less than once a century.
With respect to the research results regarding their social behavior, it is now required by law in Austria and Germany to keep at least two individuals to prevent loneliness.
Chipmunks may be classified either as a single genus, Tamias, or as three genera: Tamias, of which the eastern chipmunk is the only living member
The East African maned rat , an arboreal, porcupine-like rodent, has four digits on its hands and feet and a partially opposable thumb.
The touchscreen on the first five generations is a 3.5 inches liquid crystal display with scratch-resistant glass, while the one on the iPhone 5 is 4 inches .
It featured an aerodynamically clean design with four de Havilland Ghost turbojet engines buried in the wings, a pressurised fuselage, and large, square windows.
The goldsmith's apprentice looked at it, sneakily removed the stones, told the boy it was worth three halfpence and that he would buy it.
The Chello branded internet service were available in seven of these: Austria, Belgium, France, Hungary, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland and Slovakia.
There are four hoofed toes on each foot, with the two larger central toes bearing most of the weight, but the outer two also being used in soft ground.
Over 670 bitter-tasting compounds have been identified, on a bitter database, of which over 200 have been assigned to one or more specific receptors.
All three sizes of poodles for the Australian National Kennel Council and the New Zealand Kennel Club are in the Non-sporting Group.
An imbalanced competition between these two behavioral and cognitive processes will cause cognitive disorders and neurological symptoms such as autism spectrum disorders and Williams syndrome.
Paragraph LXVII sets out the fine for wounds of various depths: one inch, one shilling, two inches, two shillings, etc.
The two Romanian warships were thus the destroyers with the greatest firepower in the world throughout much of the interwar period.
Among the most well-known Baroque works for the cello are Johann Sebastian Bach's six unaccompanied Suites.
Cattle have two kinds of color receptors in the cone cells of their retinas.
The former are sexually mature by the age of nine years while the latter become mature around 14–15 years.
They found that comedians scored "significantly higher on four types of psychotic characteristics compared to a control group of people who had non-creative jobs."
The two major types of electron microscopes are transmission electron microscopes and scanning electron microscopes .
An association of coffee drinking with reduced risk for death from various sources was confirmed by a widely cited prospective cohort study of ten European countries in 2017.
A scroll compressor, also known as scroll pump and scroll vacuum pump, uses two interleaved spiral-like vanes to pump or compress fluids such as liquids and gases.
Most modern tanks most often have four crew members, or three if an auto-loader is installed.
As a result, the league crowned two champions each year.
Flutes may have any number of pipes or tubes, though one is the most common number.
In the most part of the Archdiocese of Milan, the Carnival lasts four more days, ending on the Saturday after Ash Wednesday, because of the Ambrosian Rite.
The final two key members of SCEI were Terry Tokunaka, the President of SCEI from Sony's headquarters, and Olaf Olafsson.
The leather manufacturing process is divided into three fundamental subprocesses: preparatory stages, tanning, and crusting.
A simple surround microphone configuration involves the use of a front array in combination with two backward-facing omnidirectional room microphones placed about 10–15 meters away from the front array.
For example, the Imperial Bösendorfer has nine extra keys at the bass end, giving a total of 97 keys and an eight octave range.
If two rigid sections of a glacier move at different speeds and directions, shear forces cause them to break apart, opening a crevasse.
Roughly three categories of sounds can be identified: frequency modulated whistles, burst-pulsed sounds and clicks.
According to Behling and others, an individual's decision to join a firm may depend on any of the three factors viz.
Foxes have even sneaked into the Houses of Parliament, where one was found asleep on a filing cabinet.
It is reasonable to perform spirometry every one or two years to follow how well a person's asthma is controlled.
One criticism of bicameral systems with two elected chambers is that the upper and lower houses may simply mirror one another.
The cuplike acetabulum forms at the union of three pelvic bones — the ilium, pubis, and ischium.
With the advent of impregnators the frequency of sealing has been cut down to once every five to ten years on most materials.
These three countries from Great Britain have dominated the women's championships, earning all but three medals since the tournament began in 1996.
The swimmer starts swimming with one arm, followed by the other arm with half a cycle delay.
Soak old pots thoroughly in a solution of one part bleach to ten parts water to kill any bacteria that may remain.
Klosé was so impressed by Böhm's invention that he named his own system for clarinets the Boehm system, although it is different from the one used on flutes.
Later aestheticians identified three major genres: epic poetry, lyric poetry, and dramatic poetry, treating comedy and tragedy as subgenres of dramatic poetry.
Any driver on the Chase Grid who wins a race in the first three rounds automatically advances to the next round.
However, one UK-based researcher failed to find any difference in exam performance on over 300,000 A-level exam papers sat in either the morning or afternoon.
As a result, a drop in numbers of one partner can reduce success of the other.
All three versions of the HERO3 come in a 30% smaller and 25% lighter package, with WiFi built in.
In spite of the broad variety of conflict that siblings are often involved in, sibling conflicts can be grouped into two broader categories.
AnemiaInsufficient red cell mass can be the result of bleeding, blood disorders like thalassemia, or nutritional deficiencies, and may require one or more blood transfusions.
A medley relay consists of four swimmers who will each swim a different stroke, ordered as backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly and freestyle.
Four to eight percent of snowboarding injuries take place while the person is waiting in ski-lift lines or entering and exiting ski lifts.
However, there are instances where the terrain dips enough from one side to another to allow for 3/4 to full-size windows, with the actual floor remaining below grade.
Whenever natural fletching is used, the feathers on any one arrow must come from the same wing of the bird.
Captain Cook's last voyage included sailing along the coast of North America and Alaska searching for a Northwest Passage for approximately nine months.
There was an extended debate when the four Iowa ships were finally decommissioned in the early 1990s.
In such cases, more than six feet may be dug in order to provide the required depth of soil above the top coffin.
The report identified three interdependent fields as key determinants of an individual's health.
Additionally, some people are born without one or both hands .
The preparation of curd requires a lactobacillus bacteria, while yogurt is made using two specific strains of bacteria called Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp.
In South Africa, education is divided into four bands: Foundation Phase , Intermediate Phase , Senior Phase , and the Further Education and Training or FET Phase .
There are two main types of woodwind instruments: flutes and reed instruments .
The two kinds of white alligators are albino and leucistic.
To facilitate the natural distressing process, some wearers of dry denim will abstain from washing their jeans for more than six months.
For an adhesive to be effective it must have three main properties.
Negotiations between the two companies resumed several years later when these conditions worsened and, in 1924 they signed an Agreement of Mutual Interest, valid until the year 2000.
The top seven teams are joined by the Euroleague representative for a second home-and-away season, with no results carrying over from the first phase.
More specific terms are colt for a male foal and filly for a female foal, and are used until the horse is three or four.
The legend recounts that, one day, the Devil walked into Dunstan's shop and asked him to shoe his horse.
As a curveball was often called an "outcurve", one might assume that an incurve is the opposite of a curveball, in other words, the modern screwball.
A radar chart or "spider chart" or "doi" is a two-dimensional chart of three or more quantitative variables represented on axes starting from the same point.
At the beginning of the 21st century, this "traditional" method of wire mesh lath and three coats of exterior plaster is still widely used.
According to ESTC, German motorways without a speed limit, but with a 130 km/h speed recommendation, are three times more deadly than motorways with a speed limit.
A slightly different lion-dragon with two horns and the tail of a scorpion appears in art from the Neo-Assyrian Period .
The 5th generation features the Apple A12 SoC.There have been three generations of the iPad Pro.
The flowers are greenish-yellow with five small petals
All three grains native to the Andes are broad-leafed plants rather than grasses such as corn, rice, and wheat.
Anime is an art form, and to say only one country can make this art is wrong."
Contrabass trombones in B♭ on the other hand typically only have one valve, which is tuned to F, though some have a second valve tuned to G♭.
The basic body type is quadruped, and most mammals use their four extremities for terrestrial locomotion
A few horses have one to four wolf teeth, which are vestigial premolars, with most of those having only one or two.
The two basic categories of vinyl floor tiles are solid vinyl and vinyl composition, and the three basic categories of vinyl sheet flooring are homogeneous, inlaid, and layered composite.
The selvedge is traditionally accentuated with warp threads of one or more contrasting colors, which can serve as an identifying mark.
In this case, an Electrician with 4 years apprenticeship gets more theoretical background than one with 3 years apprenticeship.
As such, the three accomplices to the bank robbery above can also to a degree be found guilty of armed robbery even if only one stole money.
These were followed by the J-class and L-class destroyers, with six 4.7-inch guns in twin turrets and eight torpedo tubes.
Cavalry spears were originally the same as infantry spears and were often used with two hands or held with one hand overhead.
The facility has three NHL rinks and one Olympic-sized rink.
Rather than try one remedy after another to stop this crying, she suggested that mothers hold their babies and allow the crying to run its course.
His motocycle could carry four persons, but for the race there would have been only two in the vehicle to reduce the weight and gain speed.
In four years—2015 through 2018—China built 310 skyscrapers, while the corresponding number for the US was 33.
The majority of recent population growth in Canada's three largest metropolitan areas has occurred in non-core municipalities.
Biologists, when examining groups of non-humans, have observed repeated behaviors which are taught within communities from one generation to the next.
The giant panda's paw has a "thumb" and five fingers
Climatic maps generally apply to individual months and to the year as a whole, sometimes to the four seasons, to the growing period, and so forth.
The first three hillocks are derived from the lower part of the first pharyngeal arch and form the tragus, crus of the helix, and helix, respectively.
The layout of a supermarket is considered by some to consist of a few rules of thumb and three layout principles.
The hornless Paraceratherium was almost seven metres high, ten metres long, and weighed as much as 15 tons.
In 1975, Reay H. N. Smithers identified five valid cheetah subspecies: A. j. hecki, A. j. jubatus, A. j. raineyi, A. j. soemmeringii and A. j. venaticus.
Recently, convicted rapist Andrew Luster had his appeals denied on the basis that he spent six months as a fugitive .
The traboules of Lyon are passageways that cut through a house or, in some cases, a whole city block, linking one street with another.
Salah is a mandatory act of devotion performed by Muslims five times per day.
Under the name Bob Marley and the Wailers 11 albums were released, four live albums and seven studio albums.
Annulus: a ring-shaped object, the region bounded by two concentric circles.
Some cloud varieties are not restricted to a specific altitude level or form, and can therefore be common to more than one genus or species.
Breakfast is usually served at seven in the morning since school classes start relatively early.
The five factors continued to be supported both conceptually and statistically across major regions of the world, suggesting that these underlying factors are common across cultures.
The US had three light cruisers and four destroyers
They comprise two parts, linked together by a chain, a hinge, or rigid bar.
Some gangs make use of more than one identifier, like the Nortenos, who wear red bandanas and have "14", "XIV", "x4", and "Norte" tattoos.
Specifically, tension increases when a police officer of one ethnic group harms or kills a suspect of another one.
Then the sword cut off all three of Gorynych's heads at once.
Infants remain in contact with their mothers for the first five months and mothers stay near the silverback for protection.
The original Latin word universitas refers in general to "a number of persons associated into one body, a society, company, community, guild, corporation, etc".
Their bodies were enclosed in iron cages and left to swing in the air until the flesh rotted off them- a process that could take as long as two years.
More generally, a sphere is uniquely determined by four conditions such as passing through a point, being tangent to a plane, etc.
This can be more easily thought of as a "golf ball" size amount of product per body, or at least six teaspoonfuls.
The goaltender slides his legs, one at a time, in the desired direction.
Night was the first of six films in Romero's Living Dead series.
Between 1934 and 1950, Johnny finished in the top five 15 times, consistently running in the 2:30s and finishing in second place a record seven times at Boston.
It is a 3-D representation of only shakti from one angle and only Shiva from the other.
The differentiation between the two genres in such cases depends on which element of the game is foremost in its play
For instance, in a study there were three northern white rhinoceroses with 81 chromosomes.
Hops may be added at more than one point during the boil.
The Japanese initially had one battleship and four destroyers damaged, but at this point they withdrew, possibly unaware that the US force was unable to further oppose them.
Below is a list of the three official versions of the "elements of music":Australia: pitch, timbre, texture, dynamics and expression, rhythm, form and structure.
The most common isotope of hydrogen, termed protium , has one proton and no neutrons.
When an optical amplifier is placed inside a resonant optical cavity, one obtains a laser.
Because most gases are difficult to observe directly, they are described through the use of four physical properties or macroscopic characteristics: pressure, volume, number of particles and temperature.
We know of at least one "keeper of the books" who was employed to oversee the thousands of tablets on Sumerian and Babylonian materials, including literary texts
By 1935, there were seven different aviation grades based on octane rating, two Army grades, four Navy grades and three commercial grades including the introduction of 100-octane aviation gasoline.
The term originally referred to portions of a log which had been split lengthwise into four or six sections.
The same effect can be demonstrated with two reflectors shaped like the end caps of such a spheroid, placed facing each other at the proper distance.
The liquid exits the pot still in three phases, referred to as the "heads", "heart" and "tails" respectively.
It spans a period of 40 years across five continents and 114 countries.
This option has two distinct advantages.
In geometry, the sum of two angle measures is often taken to be their sum as real numbers modulo 2π.
In total, 40.02% of Manhattan's population, aged five and older, spoke a language other than English at home.
The third set falls out at 9–15 years of age, and set four lasts until 18–28 years of age.
Depending upon the country, a typical class size could range from five students in a seminar to five hundred in a giant lecture room.
The common male first name Oscar is taken from the Irish Language, where it is derived from two elements: the first, os, means "deer"
The Franks treated land purely as a private possession and divided it among their heirs, so four kingdoms emerged from Clovis's: Paris, Orléans, Soissons, and Rheims.
The two parvorders of whales, baleen whales and toothed whales , are thought to have split apart around 34 million years ago.
The term general is used in two ways: as the generic title for all grades of general officer and as a specific rank.
Three of these are monotypic , while two others contain only two species.
France intended to build six battleships of the Dunkerque and Richelieu classes, and the Italians four Littorio-class ships.
Studies have shown that humans begin lying at a mere age of six months, through crying and laughing, to gain attention.
Seeds take five to six weeks to mature.
The use of herbal cosmetics dates back to around six centuries ago in the European and Western countries.
Five mon are the most formal, three mon are mid-formality, and one mon is the least formal, used for occasions such as tea ceremony.
Along with adiabatic cooling that requires a lifting agent, three major nonadiabatic mechanisms exist for lowering the temperature of the air to its dew point.
There is usually one about the xiphoid process, one at the navel, and one in between.
The most common, and least expensive, grades are imported from China, costing about six cents per sheet.
At the end of the saw power head there are two oil holes, one on each side.
The match details, including runs and dismissals, are recorded by two official scorers, one representing each team.
Each end is then pulled by three or four people.
The lanthanide metals were largely regarded as oddities until the 1960s when methods were developed to more efficiently separate them from one another.
They must attend ballet class six days a week to keep themselves fit and aware.
Promotion to the Football League First Division was achieved in 1969, and County were champions of the English league three years later.
In some traditions, the participant is turned thirty three times, one for each year of Christ's life.
The game reached Western Europe and Russia by at least three routes, the earliest being in the 9th century.
The top-rated shows will often air in the evening during "prime time", but there are also morning newscasts of two to three hours in length.
This configuration forces the back of one step to be at a 90-degree angle relative to the step behind it.
In early August 2018, Facebook banned the four most active Infowars-related pages for hate speech.
York is the traditional county town of Yorkshire, and therefore did not form part of any of its three historic ridings, or divisions.
Manhattan Island is divided into three informally bounded components, each aligned with the borough's long axis: Lower, Midtown, and Upper Manhattan.
The act of combustion consists of three relatively distinct but overlapping phases:Preheating phase, when the unburned fuel is heated up to its flash point and then fire point.
An official edict in 1717 restricted them to only 75 towns and districts, so that they would not be concentrated in any one region.
Microburst radar was developed as an aid to safety during landing, giving two to five minutes' warning to aircraft in the vicinity of the field of a microburst event.
Double oven: a built-in oven fixture that has either two ovens, or one oven and one microwave oven.
Physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything.
It is only the mature bulls that usually have large harems, and breeding success peaks at about eight years of age.
Cooper's book noted that individuals who ran for eight minutes four-to-five times a week would be in better physical condition.
However, there are theories that attempt to unify the four fundamental forces by introducing extra dimensions/hyperspace.
Females lactate for five to six months.
The six string, four course version, has two single and two double courses, and is sometimes called a Lili'u, though this name also applies to the eight-string version.
Cattle have one stomach with four compartments, the rumen, reticulum, omasum, and abomasum, with the rumen being the largest compartment.
The three fused thoracic segments bear three pairs of legs and two pairs of wings.
Trade among the three partners has soared since NAFTA went into force.
The phenomenon of polarization arises when wave motion can occur simultaneously in two orthogonal directions.
Late 19th century: "Bulldozing" meant using brute force to push over or through any obstacle, with reference to two bulls pushing against each other's heads in a fight over dominance.
Their rank is symbolized by three chevrons and worn on their arm and/or lapel.
Therefore, the Conference Semifinals feature the top remaining seed in the conference playing the lowest remaining seed, and the two other first-round survivors playing one another.
The Master of Music degree, which takes one to two years to complete, is typically awarded to students studying the performance of an instrument, education, voice or composition.
For example, more than three in four young people had insufficient means of shelter and sanitation in some African countries like Malawi. "
They can even be skilled at pointing to each object in a set and reciting the words one after another.
Another special candelabrum found in many Jewish homes is the Hanukiah, the Hanukkah menorah that holds eight candles, plus an extra one for lighting the others.
Players are each dealt two cards, face up or down depending on the casino and the table.
At first, ships were required to fire seven guns, and forts, with their more numerous guns and a larger supply of gunpowder, to fire 21 times.
Winter is often defined by meteorologists to be the three calendar months with the lowest average temperatures.
The road uniform was white with three stripes on the chest and back, waist and legs.
The term 'assault', when used in legislation, commonly refers to both common assault and battery, even though the two offences remain distinct.
At birth, the kneecap is just formed from cartilage, and this will ossify between the ages of three and five years.
Limnology divides lakes into three zones: the littoral zone, a sloped area close to land
Such switches can also be used as intermediate switches in a multiway switching system for control of lamps by more than two switches.
At the start of a classic valley glacier is a bowl-shaped cirque, which has escarped walls on three sides but is open on the side that descends into the valley.
The number is generally three or four.
A single tiger can systematically destroy an entire sounder by preying on its members one by one, before moving on to another sounder.
Across three Florida counties, approximately 9,000 police calls were logged to 53 Walmart stores but resulted in only a few hundred arrests.
Triathlons are timed in five sequential sections:from the start of the swim to the beginning of the first transition
This is especially evident in men who develop a five o'clock shadow after having shaved their faces.
In senior high school, student can choose between the following six fields: Mathematics and physics, Science, Humanities, Islamic science, Vocational, or Work and knowledge.
In American schools and colleges there is usually one cheer for the institution as a whole and others for the different classes.
The mosaics in the nave are arranged in five horizontal bands with the figures of the ancestors of Christ, Councils of the Church and angels.
Barilko helped the club secure its fourth Stanley Cup in five years.
Of the six subspecies of elk known to have inhabited North America in historical times, four remain, including the Roosevelt , Tule , Manitoban and Rocky Mountain .
Move out three times as far and you have three times as much tangential speed.
Other directional patterns are produced by enclosing one side of the ribbon in an acoustic trap or baffle, allowing sound to reach only one side.
The foundation of virtually all practical color processes, Maxwell's idea was to take three separate black-and-white photographs through red, green and blue filters.
Luxury brands have increasingly introduced SUV or crossover models in the 2010s, such as the seven models of SUVs sold by BMW, the Rolls-Royce Cullinan, Bentley Bentayga, and Lamborghini Urus.
Egyptians grew and spun cotton in the first seven centuries of the Christian era.
The overall assembly can carry more weight than a semi-floating or non-floating axle assembly, because the hubs have two bearings riding on a fixed spindle.
Among the ten species to have become extinct since 1600 are two of the most famous extinct species, the dodo and the passenger pigeon.
As in the Charles Perrault tale "The Ridiculous Wishes", three is the most common, but others may be granted to fit the constraints of the tale.
When one player is ready to serve, some teams will line up their other five players in a screen to obscure the view of the receiving team.
The nature of the sport focuses on persistent and often periodized training in each of the three disciplines, as well as combination workouts and general strength conditioning.
Generally, the more layers of Type X drywall one adds, the more one increases the fire-resistance of the assembly, up to four hours for walls and three hours for ceilings.
The crisis continued with S&P downgrading the credit rating of nine euro-area countries, including France, then downgrading the entire European Financial Stability Facility fund.
These families can be described by the relative lengths of the three crystallographic axes, and the angles between them
The quill barrel is cut to six or seven inches in length, so no such consideration of curvature or 'sight-line' is necessary.
The Durango was marketed as a sturdy truck-based SUV designed to hold up to seven passengers and tow up to 7,500 lb when properly equipped.
Artificial intelligence based products generally fall into two major categories: rule based systems and pattern recognition systems.
However the designation of the seven days of the week to the seven planets is an innovation introduced in the time of Augustus.
In one Zumba class, a person can burn up to 600 kcal, depending on the energy put forth.
In its earliest form, the brain appears as three swellings at the front end of the neural tube
Some schools in the UK and USA divide the academic year into three roughly equal-length terms , roughly coinciding with autumn, winter, and spring.
There are three classes: MXGP for 450cc machines, MX2 for 250cc machines, and Women's MX.
Here the constituency tree identifies three phrases that the dependency tree does not, namely: house at the end of the street, end of the street, and the end.
It could be dangerous and one could become ill if one had trodden over such a place or if one destroyed anything there.
For instance, three separate cases of angelic interaction deal with the births of John the Baptist and Jesus Christ.
Pelicans live for 15 to 25 years in the wild, although one reached an age of 54 years in captivity.
Most chicks lose their egg teeth within a few days of hatching, though petrels keep theirs for nearly three weeks and marbled murrelets have theirs for up to a month.
Winches may have been used for hand held crossbows during the Han dynasty but there is only one known depiction of it.
As a complement to the rear plough a two or three mould-board plough can be mounted on the front of the tractor if it is equipped with front three-point linkage.
Because anvils are very ancient tools and were at one time very commonplace, they have acquired symbolic meaning beyond their use as utilitarian objects.
However, ten million landmines left by opposing guerillas in the 1970s continue to create a violent landscape in Cambodia.
Each somatic cell has two sets of 23 chromosomes, each set received from one parent
Information from one sense has the potential to influence how information from another is perceived.
The hand axe is the first example of a wedge, the oldest of the six classic simple machines, from which most machines are based.
The three main threats to cacti in the wild are development, grazing and over-collection.
When water is cooled rapidly , up to three different types of amorphous ice can form depending on the history of its pressure and temperature.
Individual bullying can be classified into four types outlined below:Physical bullying is any bullying that hurts someone's body or damages their possessions.
There is no direct fossil evidence of successive species between the steppe bison and the European bison, though there are three possible lines of ancestry pertaining to the European wisent.
Although there were some problems with the ship , the Royal Navy promptly commissioned another six ships to a similar design in the Bellerophon and St. Vincent classes.
On 5 July 1841, Thomas Cook arranged for the rail company to charge one shilling per person
She carried ten 12-inch guns, had an 11-inch armor belt, and was the first large ship powered by turbines.
A Rottweiler is always, by any breed club standards, black with well-defined mahogany or rust-colored markings that do not take up more than ten percent of the dog's body color.
For all three of the correlations, higher values represent a higher correlation between time spent on homework and poor conduct.
The North American Scrabble Championship: an open event attracting several hundred players, held around July–August every year or two in the United States.
The Lion Capital of Ashoka, erected by Emperor Ashoka in the 3rd century CE, depicts four lions standing back to back.
Drums with two heads can also have a set of wires, called snares, held across the bottom head, top head, or both heads, hence the name snare drum.
The first three days of the voyage from Queenstown had passed without apparent incident.
More than one third of the United States' manned spaceflights have included MIT-educated astronauts, more than any university excluding the United States service academies.
Weighing more than two kilos, it was perhaps passed around for ceremonial toasts.
In Europe, two main approaches have surfaced, one initiated by Donald Broadbent in the United Kingdom and the other one by Dietrich Dörner in Germany.
Another version of the tube uses two spinning wheels to transfer the ball from hole to hole.
Each of these three years can be loosely called an astronomical year.
The development of human height can serve as an indicator of two key welfare components, namely nutritional quality and health.
The five regional lotteries are members of a consortium known as the Interprovincial Lottery Corporation, which administrates national games, including the flagship Lotto 6/49 and Lotto Max.
In China, a four-piece set consists of a duvet cover, two pillowcases and either a fitted or flat sheet.
Only three species are migratory – the orange-bellied, blue-winged and swift parrots.
Two sensors that utilize two of the remaining six principles are often also called compasses, i.e. the gyrocompass and GPS-compass.
The Mayor of the municipality in Moldova is elected for four years.
It was sold in two forms, the "XE" and the "GT" and was the last vehicle to use the long running Chrysler B platform.
At the other end of the shank there are two arms, carrying the flukes, while the stock is mounted to the shackle end, at ninety degrees to the arms.
A study showed that growls consist of numerous short pulses with a combined duration of up to five seconds.
As of 2019, the production of Portland cement contributed eight percent to global anthropogenic CO2 emissions, largely due to the sintering of limestone and clay at 1,500 °C .
Females lay up to 3,000 eggs in one or more silk egg sacs, which maintain a fairly constant humidity level.
Christianity was legalised by Constantine I in 313 AD after three centuries of imperial persecution.
The simplest form of an artist's easel, a tripod, consists of three vertical posts joined at one end.
Ewes generally reach sexual maturity at six to eight months old, and rams generally at four to six months.
The two most important of these mines, from a historic perspective, are Serabit el-Khadim and Wadi Maghareh, believed to be among the oldest of known mines.
In North America, snowmen are generally built with three spheres representing the head, torso, and lower body.
The two main components of the soybean important in tofu making are the 11S component, containing glycinin and the 7S subunit, containing hemagglutinins, lipoxygenases, b-amylase, and β-conglycinin.
They may have been the first to yoke four horses to their chariots.
The Japanese language uses three words to convey the English equivalent of "love".
At around five o'clock on Friday afternoon a poetry reading attracts participants and a small crowd of onlookers.
In the field of mountaineering, the phenomenon of high altitude flatus expulsion was first recorded over two hundred years ago.
Acrobats in groups of two, three and four perform routines with the heads, hands and feet of their partners.
In countries where specialization is prevalent, many lawyers specialize in representing one side in one particular area of the law
There are two on-deck circles in the field, one for each team, positioned in foul ground between home plate and the respective teams' benches.
By 1855, there were at least three harmonica-making businesses: C. A. Seydel Söhne, Christian Messner & Co., and Württ.
Some shrimp species use them for brooding eggs, others have gills on them for breathing, and the males in some species use the first pair or two for insemination.
The "curse" came to an end after the Leafs' 1962 Stanley Cup victory, which came six weeks before to the discovery of the wreckage of Barilko's plane.
These are known collectively as Zone to Defend or ZAD , with the most famous one being the ZAD de Notre-Dame-des-Landes.
Within ten years, it had become an international event in which the achieved durations and distances had increased greatly.
Four of the tunnels remain in active use, while the other three were bypassed in the 1960s
The profound economist goes on to state how there are two types of monopolies.
The Baltic member state of Latvia, as well as four regions from Poland, and two regions from each of Bulgaria and Romania also reported no motorway network
These three chains are subsidiaries of large retail companies which also have other kinds of business units, such as department stores and home improvement outlets.
Pliny identified three different types of coopers: ordinary coopers, wine coopers and coopers who made large casks.
The executive assistant performs the usual roles of managing correspondence, preparing research, and communication, often with one or more administrative assistants or scheduling assistants who report to him or her.
Each bulb unit has a life of about four years.
Outhouses are typically built on one level, but two-story models are to be found in unusual circumstances.
Five of these six elements comprise the chemical components of DNA, the exception being sulfur.
A rectangle with four sides of equal length is a square.
An ivory painter's palette found inside the tomb of King Tutankhamun had small compartments with pigments of red ochre and five other colors.
The 2008 deaths of Cristina and Violetta Djeordsevic, two Roma children who drowned while Italian beach-goers remained unperturbed, brought international attention to the relationship between Italians and the Roma people.
In a similar manner, the weak unstable carbonic acid can lose one proton to form bicarbonate anion and lose a second to form carbonate anion .
Around six years of age, the koala's chewing teeth begin to wear down and their chewing efficiency decreases.
In January 1858, Italian patriot Felice Orsini threw three bombs in an attempt to assassinate French Emperor Napoleon III.
These three influences are reflected, respectively, in the dishes of pilaf and biryani
With two engines mounted on the wings and one in the nose, and a slabsided body, it carried eight passengers and was produced from 1925 to 1933.
They were known for cutting off the heads of dead or captured enemies, and according to Commines they were paid by their leaders one ducat per head.
The three ossicles are the malleus, incus, and stapes, which are Latin names that roughly translate to hammer, anvil, and stirrup.
A 2010 survey by LifeWay Christian Resources found that six in ten Americans attend church services during this time.
Within singing, there are four stages of breathing: a breathing-in period
A typical U.S. dry-barrel hydrant has two smaller outlets and one larger outlet.
Because the sides of the jaw can move independently of one another, snakes resting their jaws on a surface have sensitive stereo hearing which can detect the position of prey.
Hydration and hardening of concrete during the first three days is critical.
By using computer software one therefore has the ability to enhance the presentation in a way that is not otherwise practical.
They led the series 3–2, but dropped game six in Los Angeles.
Thermostatic mixing valves mix hot and cold water to produce a constant temperature in the presence of variable pressures and temperatures on the two input ports.
High winds and over two feet of snowfall recorded in some areas.
In 1485 Ivan III commissioned the building of the royal residence, Terem Palace, within the Kremlin, with Aloisio da Milano as the architect of the first three floors.
Of the five brands with enough data to draw conclusions, Honda, Kawasaki and Yamaha were statistically tied, with 11 to 14% of those bikes in the survey experiencing major repairs.
The seven colors of Haft Rang tiles were usually black, white, ultramarine, turquoise, red, yellow and fawn.
A plant will grow a new flush every seven to 15 days during the growing season.
Eastern chipmunks mate in early spring and again in early summer, producing litters of four or five young twice each year.
Residents of nine coastal villages in Papua New Guinea are permitted to enter the 'Protected Zone' of the Torres Strait for traditional purposes.
Galloway, Conner & Pope surveyed 4,317 high school students from ten high-performing schools, and found that students reported spending more than 3 hours on homework daily.
A homosexual threesome would involve either three men or three women.
He returned to bullfighting five months later with an eyepatch, multiple titanium plates in his skull, and the nickname 'The Pirate'.
Acts classified as assault in one state may be classified as battery, menacing, intimidation, reckless endangerment, etc.
Journalist Stephanie Capparell interviewed six men who were on the team in the late 1940s.
And about 70% of the mothers did not provide their children three meals everyday.
In music, they are known as "accolades" or "braces", and connect two or more lines of music that are played simultaneously.
The skyline of the inner city changed in 1968 when the inner ring road with its two new crossings of the River Derwent was built.
This feat has since been eclipsed by Irish ultramarathon runner Richard Donovan who in 2009 completed seven marathons on seven continents in under 132 hours .
There are three types of analog: metal spring, natural hair, and synthetic hair.
In early 20th-century Memphis, Tennessee, cocaine was sold in neighborhood drugstores on Beale Street, costing five or ten cents for a small boxful.
Currently there are three magazines still in circulation namely PlayStation: The Official Magazine, PlayStation Official Magazine, Official PlayStation Magazine .
Hyenas are digitigrade, with the fore and hind paws having four digits each and sporting bulging pawpads.
Finally, the two percepts will alternate back and forth in terms of visual awareness.
As they were often able to finance more than one quadriga at a time, they were frequent victors in this highly prestigious event.
Only two cruisers actually bombarded the airfield, as Kirishima had not arrived yet and the remainder of the force was on guard for US warships.
The teeth of the giant squid resemble bottle caps and function like tiny hole saws, while the tentacles of the colossal squid wield two long rows of swiveling, tri-pointed hooks.
As in closely related insect groups in the superorder Dictyoptera, mantises go through three life stages: egg, nymph, and adult .
During the 2009 excavations of a major Mycenaean city at Iklaina, a striking fragment of a wall-paintings came to light, depicting a ship with three human figures and dolphins.
Four-bit computer architectures use groups of four bits as their fundamental unit.
In this acoustic format, the duo would go on to release three albums.
The first of these three is a basic cry, which is a systematic cry with a pattern of crying and silence.
They use an underground hydraulic cylinder, are quite common for low level buildings with two to five floors , and have speeds of up to 1 m/s .
They usually live from one to seven years.
The most striking involve Jupiter, which has four large moons and a low axial tilt, making eclipses more frequent as these bodies pass through the shadow of the larger planet.
DVDs for the U.S. market now sometimes have three forms of English subtitles: SDH subtitles
The litter size is usually between three and seven kits which are weaned after three to six weeks and become independent at three months.
Different perspectives have been broken down into three dimensions to examine the emotions being felt and also to grasp the contrast between the two types.
The Ottoman Empire adopted several different red flags during the six centuries of its rule, with the successor Republic of Turkey continuing the 1844 Ottoman Flag.
However nine months later many pubs had not changed their hours, although some stayed open longer at the weekend, but rarely beyond 1:00 am.
These two aspects of the gameplay cannot be completely separated, because strategic goals are mostly achieved through tactics, while the tactical opportunities are based on the previous strategy of play.
For four strings, the 5th fret on one string is the same open-note as the next string
The interval between these notes on each bell is either a major or minor third, equivalent to a distance of four or five notes on a piano.
There are other ways to find north than the use of magnetism, and from a navigational point of view a total of seven possible ways exist .
Stucco is an integral part of the art of belcomposto, the Baroque concept that integrates the three classic arts, architecture, sculpture, and painting.
The York area is served by a local newspaper, The Press , The York Advertiser newspaper , and three local radio stations Minster FM, Vale Radio and BBC Radio York.
There are four layers within the exterior wall of the hoof.
Its rules permit six seconds between catching and passing the ball, instead of the three seconds permitted in the adult game.
The circuit can be made to change state by signals applied to one or more control inputs and will have one or two outputs.
The three main forms of cannabis products are the flower/fruit, resin , and oil .
They can be used to control one lamp, one fixture or many fixtures.
Two teams of one to five team members stand in parallel lines facing each other across a court and throw flying discs at members of the opposing team.
Today, the marshmallow typically consists of four ingredients: sugar, water, air, and a whipping agent .
He prepared two separate jars, one containing a cocaine-salt solution, with the other containing merely salt water.
There are three mobile network companies in New Zealand.
There are typically three stringers, one on either side and one in the centre, with more added as necessary for wider spans.
Losing four heavy and two small light cruisers in 1942, the Japanese built only five light cruisers during the war
Two teams of seven players take the field and attempt to score points by putting the game ball into the opposing team's goal.
The task force consisted of around four to eight persons, though according to Philips, the compact disc was "invented collectively by a large group of people working as a team."
Retail businesses mostly operate Monday through Saturday, with larger establishments being open seven days a week.
Early daily strips were large, often running the entire width of the newspaper, and were sometimes three or more inches high.
Gestation lasts nearly three months, resulting in a litter of typically three to five, in rare cases up to eight cubs.
The trait evolved independently in these two classes and is an example of convergent evolution.
In this manner, a rectangle-faced enclosure is formed with an arrangement of four flaps on the reverse side.
As the camber is fixed to one side, performance when sailing in one direction is improved but performance in the other way is deteriorated.
The three species of the Puma lineage may have had a common ancestor during the Miocene .
Livia Kohn distinguishes three basic types of Taoist meditation: "concentrative", "insight", and "visualization".
Among the superfamilies, the three extant Strigopoidea species are all large parrots, and the cockatoos tend to be large birds, as well.
In Liberia, the snap handshake is customary in which the two shakers snap their fingers against each other at the conclusion of the handshake.
Fog shadows may look odd to viewers who are not used to seeing shadows in three dimensions.
In 2007, paintball training was engaged in by five terrorists to prepare for an attack aimed at killing American soldiers in Fort Dix, New Jersey
But a younger snake, still growing, may shed up to four times a year.
Conversely, formerly separate ethnicities can merge to form a pan-ethnicity and may eventually merge into one single ethnicity.
The months were divided into 3 "weeks" of ten days each.
In 2003, the Transportation Research Board Committee, chaired by two psychologists, reported that "Enhanced SBRs" could save an additional 1,000 lives a year.
In many species such as the Great Plains toad , the male restrains the eggs with his back feet, holding them in place for about three minutes.
Fresnel's invention increased the luminosity of the lighthouse lamp by a factor of four and his system is still in common use.
However, compared with the other four UN Security Council Permanent Members, China has relatively limited power projection capabilities.
Other bidets have one nozzle on the side rim aimed at both anal and genital areas, and other designs have two nozzles on the back rim.
Psychologist Robert Sternberg formulated a triangular theory of love and argued that love has three different components: intimacy, commitment, and passion.
There are two kinds of equations: identities and conditional equations.
Each year, a pair of steers of about three years of age would be bought for the team and trained with the older animals.
In 1897, English physicist J. J. Thomson was able, in his three famous experiments, to deflect cathode rays, a fundamental function of the modern cathode ray tube .
When Kirby showed Lee the first six pages, Lee recalled, "I hated the way he was doing it!
Presentation viewers can be used to combine content from different sources into one presentation.
The NFL and AFL both won two prior to the merger, since the NFC/AFC did not exist in the first four Super Bowls.
Chiton shells, which are composed of eight separate plates and a girdle, usually come apart not long after death, so they are almost always found as disarticulated plates.
However, if one wants the 'credit', then one has to cease being a 'ghost' or follower and become a leader or innovator."
All change is explained by the arrangement and rearrangement of these four elements.
In addition there are three international universities in London – Regent's University London, Richmond, The American International University in London and Schiller International University.
For example, in the combustion of one mole of propane with four moles of O2, seven moles of combustion gas are formed, and z is 80% of the stoichiometric value.
In 1922, Walgreens employee Ivar "Pop" Coulson made a milkshake by adding two scoops of vanilla ice cream to the standard malted milk drink recipe.
Horses spend four to fifteen hours a day in standing rest, and from a few minutes to several hours lying down.
In one story, the Laird of Lorntie went to aid a woman he thought was drowning in a lake near his house
The joey fully emerges from the pouch for the first time at six or seven months of age, when it weighs 300–500 g .
Once only two bidders remain, each submits a sealed bid.
By turning one clockwise, the pitch becomes sharper and turning one counterclockwise, the pitch becomes flatter .
A typical arrangement is a cluster of five or so room-apartments with a common kitchen and bathroom and separate front doors, occupying a floor in a pre-Revolutionary mansion.
A 2005 PIRG study found that textbooks cost students $900 per year, and that prices increased four times the rate of inflation over the past decade.
Some ten of these survive, and the city has recently worked on making them more attractive.
Knowing precisely what one wants to achieve makes clear what to concentrate and improve on, and often subconsciously prioritizes that goal.
The system defines seven fundamental units: kilogram, metre, candela, second, ampere, kelvin, and mole.
Like many other large mammals, hippos are described as K-strategists, in this case typically producing just one large, well-developed infant every couple of years .
In retail and restaurant occupations, among others, the weekly hours may be calculated as an average over three to ten weeks, depending on the employment contract.
The first truly popular spa was Saratoga Springs, which, by 1815, had two large, four-story, Greek revival hotels.
The main, front portion of the easel consists of two vertical posts with a horizontal crossbar support, giving the design the general shape of an 'H'.
Pharmacists work alongside pharma assistants, an apprenticeship that takes three years to complete.
In this work Newton set out three laws of motion that to this day are the way forces are described in physics.
If courtship is successful, the male injects his sperm from the palpal bulbs into the female via one or two openings on the underside of her abdomen.
According to morphological data, Diplomystidae is usually considered to be the earliest branching catfish lineage and the sister group to the other two lineages, Loricarioidei and Siluroidei.
Further testing is being performed against Clostridium difficile spores with higher concentrations of ethanol and dodecanoic acid, which proved effective with a contact time of ten minutes.
There are two main types of whitewater kayak:One type, the playboat, is short, with a scooped bow and blunt stern.
A common solution to help stabilise the output devices is to include some emitter resistors, typically one ohm or so.
Their analysis included all four species, with M. auratus and M. raddei forming one subclade and M. brandti and M. newtoni another.
C.E. Seashore, in his book Psychology of Music, identified four "psychological attributes of sound".
The Blue Peacock nuclear mines, which were also termed "bombs", were planned to be positioned during wartime and be constructed such that, if disturbed, they would explode within ten seconds.
The centres of stork diversity are in tropical Asia and sub-Saharan Africa, with eight and six breeding species respectively.
Thus, leaf design may involve compromise between carbon gain, thermoregulation and water loss on the one hand, and the cost of sustaining both static and dynamic loads.
Barring rare medical conditions, most female mammals, including female humans, have two X chromosomes.
The largest crescentic dunes on Earth, with mean crest-to-crest widths of more than three kilometres, are in China's Taklamakan Desert.
A triathlon is a multisport race with three continuous and sequential endurance races.
The religious Hebrew tassel, however, bears little resemblance to the decorative one which eventually became popular in Europe, especially France.
The changeover period during which the former currencies' notes and coins were exchanged for those of the euro lasted about two months, until 28 February 2002.
There are three basic scarf shapes: square, triangular and rectangular.
If that were true, then applying two layers of SPF 5 sunscreen would always be equivalent to SPF 25 .
Kasparov and Karpov contested five world title matches between 1984 and 1990
However, the Italian linguist G. Alessio argues that the word can have two origins.
The traditional tuner layout is "3+3", in which each side of the headstock has three tuners .
Periodic earthquakes in the region have caused three partial collapses of the dome and necessitated repairs.
Formally, these plants are placed in three separate divisions: hornworts , liverworts , and mosses .
In addition to the 24 cross-Channel passengers who had disembarked at Cherbourg, another seven passengers had booked an overnight passage from Southampton to Queenstown.
In the Australian lungfish, there is only a single lung, albeit divided into two lobes.
QUAD organises the annual Derby Film Festival, and the FORMAT international photography festival, held every two years at various venues throughout the city.
These are three 11-man rifle squads, one 8-man command squad and one 9-man machinegun squad.
They distinguished between five types of infinity: infinite in one and two directions, infinite in area, infinite everywhere, and infinite perpetually.
Trade qualification is earned through a three to four year apprenticeship although some training organisations qualify their students sooner, depending on their competency.
The nominal interest rate, which refers to the price before adjustment to inflation, is the one visible to the consumer .
Generally, dolphins sleep with only one brain hemisphere in slow-wave sleep at a time, thus maintaining enough consciousness to breathe and to watch for possible predators and other threats.
It dates from 1863.Over four million journeys are made every day on the Underground network, over 1 billion each year.
Large numbers of American aircraft and aggressive tactics of the destroyers allowed the U.S. to sink three Japanese heavy cruisers at the cost of one escort carrier and three destroyers.
This provides two advantages: the ability to vary volume and ability to vary tonal quality.
The key parts of an aircraft are generally divided into three categories:The structure comprises the main load-bearing elements and associated equipment.
Analogously one obtains the points of the lower half of the ellipse.
A shape with an area of three square metres would have the same area as three such squares.
There were also five unsuccessful attempts to design a calculating clock in the 17th century.
About ten years after the 2005 debt crisis in Sub-Saharan Africa was resolved, Zambia fell back into dept.
A parish is looked after by one or more priests, although one priest may be responsible for several parishes.
Dolphins have two pectoral flippers, containing four digits, a boneless dorsal fin for stability, and a tail fin for propulsion.
Generation length of the cheetah is six years.
The four dimensions of spacetime consist of events that are not absolutely defined spatially and temporally, but rather are known relative to the motion of an observer.
Although Europeans eventually developed a similar design, this method of transportation did not exist until 1595 when an unknown inventor from Spain built one for King Phillip II.
Moose have six pairs of large, flat molars and, ahead of those, six pairs of premolars, to grind up their food.
To define a sequence by recursion, one needs a rule, called recurrence relation to construct each element in terms of the ones before it.
The ankle includes three joints: the ankle joint proper or talocrural joint, the subtalar joint, and the inferior tibiofibular joint.
Generally, thunderstorms require three conditions to form:MoistureAn unstable airmassA lifting force All thunderstorms, regardless of type, go through three stages: the developing stage, the mature stage, and the dissipation stage.
These gnomes followed the style of the 1937 depiction of the seven dwarves in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs by Disney.
Prokaryotes are represented by two separate domains – bacteria and archaea.
The snaith has either one or two short handles at right angles to it, usually one near the upper end and always another roughly in the middle.
In some cases, good daycare can provide different experiences than parental care does, especially when children reach two and are ready to interact with other children.
To prevent root-rotting, strawberries should be planted every four to five years in a new bed, at a different site.
Together their partnership would drastically influence the development of ballet, as evidenced by the credit given to them for the creation of the five major positions of the feet.
Youth can be referred to as the time of life when one is young.
Until the beginning of the 1960s, tractors had a single register of gears, hence one gear stick, often with three to five forward gears and one reverse.
Mexico City represents all three factors as it is the country's capital and financial center with 27 million people.
Adams's shortstop position, which he started playing at some time from 1849 to 1850, was used to field throws from the outfielders and throw to the three infielders.
The criterion of a discrete landmass is completely disregarded if the continuous landmass of Eurasia is classified as two separate continents: Europe and Asia.
The two men chanced upon an advertisement for a paint gun and were inspired to settle their argument with paintball markers, eventually creating the sport that is now called Paintball.
Karno took Chaplin and Laurel on two trips to the United States to tour the vaudeville circuit.
Some manufacturers have begun to offer hybrid devices that combine the functionality of a stretcher, a recliner chair, and a treatment or procedural table into one device.
Most extended kits include one or more splash cymbals and at least one china cymbal.
Muscle is a result of three factors that overlap: physiological strength , neurological strength , and mechanical strength .
Venoms kill through the action of at least four major classes of toxin, namely necrotoxins and cytotoxins, which kill cells
The bulk of this article is concerned with tents used for recreational camping which have sleeping space for one to ten people.
In Israel, paramedics are trained in either of the following ways: a three-year degree in Emergency Medicine , a year and three months IDF training, or MADA training.
When pulled in one direction, the trailing ploughs were lowered onto the ground by the tension on the cable.
Of the seven continents, only Antarctica is unable to produce pumpkins.
During the next six minutes, the wave changes from a ridge to a trough, and the flood waters recede in a second drawback.
Bishops may dispense with this rule and ordain men up to one year younger.
The Khamsa, an ancient symbol shaped like a hand with four fingers and one thumb, is used as a protective amulet by Jews
Fay had originally received a sentence of six strokes of the cane, but the presiding president of Singapore, Ong Teng Cheong, agreed to reduce his caning sentence to four lashes.
Suckling bouts tend to last 2–4 min/hr for a calf younger than a year and it continues to suckle until it reaches three years of age or older.
Asthma is clinically classified according to the frequency of symptoms, forced expiratory volume in one second , and peak expiratory flow rate.
Once the skills of using thermals to gain altitude have been mastered, pilots can glide from one thermal to the next to go cross country.
There are three main types of fault, all of which may cause an interplate earthquake: normal, reverse , and strike-slip.
A typical vertical traffic signal has three aspects, or lights, facing the oncoming traffic, red on top, yellow below, and green below that.
It can be ready to serve after as little as four hours of freezing.
The six seasons are ascribed to two months each of the twelve months in the Hindu calendar.
Tree roots usually grow to three times the diameter of the branch spread, only half of which lie underneath the trunk and canopy.
Admiral Scheer retaliated two days later by bombarding Almería, causing much destruction, and the resulting Deutschland incident meant the end of German and Italian participation in non-intervention.
He postulated that there are three main things that make up hopeful thinking:Goals – Approaching life in a goal-oriented way.
Leonard was her favorite, and developed many hairstyles that became fashion trends within wealthy Parisian circles, including the loge d'opera, which towered five feet over the wearer's head.
There are six fontanelles: one anterior , one posterior , two sphenoid , and two mastoid .
The invention of a knitting machine in 1589 meant that socks could be knitted six times faster than by hand.
Single-hoop tents use just one flexible pole and are often sold as light-weight 1 or 2-person tents.
They are generally regarded as three different types of spirits:Souls of the wicked deceased, which roam the earth to torment the living.
Several characteristics distinguish the two groups.
Missouri claims that the first three contracts under the new program were signed in Missouri on August 2, 1956.
Lacrosse is played on all six continents, but as of August 2019 when Ghana joined, there are only 63 countries playing the sport.
The phenomenon arises when an individual receives two slightly different copies of the gene for either the medium- or long-wavelength cones, which are carried on the X chromosome.
For at least two years Black served as a mail messenger, ferrying the mail between Charlestown's train depot and its Post Office.
On an oval track, four sets may be used, two facing a straight-away and two facing the middle of the 180-degree turn between straight-away.
The system features a more powerful CPU and more RAM, two cameras, one facing towards the player and one facing outwards, and had an online distribution store called DSiWare.
They sit, partly submerged in the stew, and expand as they are half-boiled half-steamed for ten minutes or so.
All hamsters are excellent diggers, constructing burrows with one or more entrances, with galleries connected to chambers for nesting, food storage, and other activities.
Alcohol intoxication typically begins after two or more alcoholic drinks.
The World Netball Championships have been held every four years since then.
He spent two years fine-tuning the design to find the best gauge of steel and coil
Ferrets under three months old are not subject to any import restrictions.
The common purposes for aerial roots may be of two kinds, to contribute to the mechanical stability of the tree, and to obtain oxygen from air.
Runway end lights – a pair of four lights on each side of the runway on precision instrument runways, these lights extend along the full width of the runway.
In Chişinău, the last mayor elections had to be repeated three times, because of the low rate of participation.
Hemorrhaging is broken down into four classes by the American College of Surgeons' advanced trauma life support .
With these forks the load can be taken from one horizontal conveyor and put down on another horizontal conveyor on a different level.
This series ended in 2009, after nine years.
Whole families lived in small one or two-room apartments in tenement buildings up to six stories high, badly aired and with insufficient lighting.
Hookah smoking increases the amount of carbon monoxide in a person's body to eight times their normal level.
The fruit is a greenish-black, dark purple or yellow berry 5–10 mm diameter with one to five seeds, ripening in late winter to mid-spring.
Because ten nuns are required to ordain a new one, the effort to establish the Dharmaguptaka bhikkhu tradition has taken a long time.
The first four compartments are located in the grooves present on the dorsum of inferior side of radius while the 5th compartment is in between radius and ulna.
India also contains four of the world's 34 biodiversity hotspots, or regions that display significant habitat loss in the presence of high endemism.
The all-transistor portable phonograph TPA-1 and TPA-2 models played only 45rpm records and used four 1.5 volt "D" batteries for their power supply.
The aluminosilicates are a group of three minerals – kyanite, andalusite, and sillimanite – which share the chemical formula Al2SiO5.
In Marseilles, by 1525, production was concentrated in at least two factories, and soap production at Marseille tended to eclipse the other Provençal centers.
In the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the insignia for a sergeant is three chevrons, worn point down surmounted by a royal crown .
Some subspecies are rare and at least one has already become extinct: the Queen Charlotte Islands caribou of Canada.
The most common numbers of tiers found in lockers are, in order, one, two, and four
Most Germans are eligible for a Kur every two to six years, depending on the severity of their condition.
During crawling, the heart rate nearly doubles, and the animal requires ten or fifteen minutes to recover from relatively minor exercise.
At this point the first ship—which was later to become Olympic—had no name, but was referred to simply as "Number 400", as it was Harland and Wolff's four hundredth hull.
Of the 12 people who have been on the Moon as of 2019, four graduated from MIT .
DuPont hired chemist William Hale Charch, who spent three years developing a nitrocellulose lacquer that, when applied to Cellophane, made it moisture proof.
Several seem to have been placed on the table, listing four courses, each with several dishes, plus dessert.
Derby's two biggest employers, Rolls-Royce Holdings and Toyota, are engaged in engineering manufacturing.
The optimum period for socialisation is between eight and twelve weeks
The examinee must demonstrate the ability to complete seven tasks commonly performed on the job, such as retinoscopy, that are simulated on a computer.
Cow's milk allergy is an immunologically mediated adverse reaction, rarely fatal, to one or more cow's milk proteins.
Arthropods have a central brain, the supraesophageal ganglion, with three divisions and large optical lobes behind each eye for visual processing.
Depending on the amount of water that is extracted from the cut and pressed curds two types of tofu are produced: firm, and extra firm.
When tightening the screws of the four screw type, the scope can twist in place, causing misalignment.
Their armament consists of eight SS-N-22 Sunburn anti-ship missiles, launchers for SA-N-7 Gadfly anti-air missiles and two AK-130 twin-barreled 130 mm automatic naval guns which can fire laser-guided shells.
In general, backrests come in three heights: Lower back backrests support only the lumbar region.
This was an increase of 20% from a survey five years previously.
The synchronic problem is grounded in the question of what features or traits characterize a given person at one time.
Apart from syzygy, the term eclipse is also used when a spacecraft reaches a position where it can observe two celestial bodies so aligned.
Propp also proposed another two archetypes of the villain's role within the narrative, in which they can portray themselves as villainous in a more general sense.
This shifts the entire piano action so the pianist can play music written in one key so that it sounds in a different key.
At least three measurements, the waist, hips, and length of the kilt, are usually required.
When a user carrying a cellphone crosses from one cell to another, his phone is automatically "handed off" seamlessly to the new antenna and assigned new frequencies.
Rectangular stadiums are more common in Europe, especially for football where many stadiums have four often distinct and very different stands on the four sides of the stadium.
The remaining 13 counties were abolished on 1 January 2007 where they were replaced by five new regions.
The current French nuclear force consists of four Triomphant class submarines equipped with submarine-launched ballistic missiles.
The Mahabharata describes two combatants boxing with clenched fists and fighting with kicks, finger strikes, knee strikes and headbutts.
He provides multiple non-equivalent definitions of the term, uses it to refer to as many as six distinct kinds of entities, and divides ideas inconsistently into various genetic categories.
In all, 123 passengers boarded Titanic at Queenstown – three First Class, seven Second Class and 113 Third Class.
Both sender and receiver of the images must use 3D glasses to see the effect of three dimensional image.
There are three major categories of drug administration
This is called antigenic drift, which slowly creates an increasing variety of strains until one evolves that can infect people who are immune to the pre-existing strains.
Orphanage Project in Egypt—www.littlestlamb.orgThere is still at least one orphanage in Sudan although efforts have been made to close it.
A loom in which several narrow webs could be woven at one time is mentioned as having been working in Dantzig towards the end of the 16th century.
Middle ear – In crown-group mammals, sound is carried from the eardrum by a chain of three bones, the malleus, the incus and the stapes.
From this position, one has a better chance of attempting to use a tool to work one's way out of the handcuffs.
The titration curve of an acid titrated by a base has two axes, with the base volume on the x-axis and the solution's pH value on the y-axis.
Alligators consume food that cannot be eaten in one bite by allowing it to rot, or by biting and then spinning or convulsing wildly until bite-sized chunks are torn off.
Though generally recognized as several 'separate' oceans, these waters comprise one global, interconnected body of salt water often referred to as the World Ocean or global ocean.
The first four of these are classified as primary headaches, groups 5-12 as secondary headaches, cranial neuralgia, central and primary facial pain and other headaches for the last two groups.
Sharks display three ways to bear their young, varying by species, oviparity, viviparity and ovoviviparity.
Hence, any one desirous of acquiring a thorough knowledge of anatomy should prepare a dead body and carefully, observe, by dissecting it, and examine its different parts."
Holes one through five: When a goaltender stands in the net in the ready position, there are seven open areas that the goalie must cover.
The largest alliances are Star Alliance, SkyTeam and Oneworld, and these three collectively accounted for more than 60% of global commercial air traffic in 2015.
This legend was depicted in the film The Gods Must Be Crazy , which shows an African rhinoceros putting out two campfires.
Subfamily CactoideaeDivided into nine tribes, this is the largest subfamily, including all the "typical" cacti.
As awareness provides the materials from which one develops subjective ideas about their experience, it is said that one is aware of one's own awareness state.
The entire larval stage lasts between four and 18 days.
To remove the semi-floating axle, one has to remove a wheel first.
This was usually a single room dwelling that housed one or two families.
Game show careers are usually short-lived, perhaps lasting only one day.
Increasingly, in urban settings in northern India, the sari is no longer the apparel of everyday wear, transformed instead into one for formal occasions.
It hauled a load of six tons at four miles per hour for a distance of one and a half miles .
These three factors are assumed through human/design-oriented resources, technical-oriented resources, and business-oriented resources.
In the theory of the four bodily humors, water was associated with phlegm, as being cold and moist.
Fifty-six countries retain capital punishment, 106 countries have completely abolished it de jure for all crimes, eight have abolished it for ordinary crimes , and 28 are abolitionist in practice.
The first tank versus tank action took place on 24 April 1918 at the Second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux, France, when three British Mark IVs met three German A7Vs.
In 1912, the value of a touchdown was increased to six points.
The Paralympic event originally scheduled a sprint race with athletes competing in six categories according to the nature of their physical impairments.
Sometimes three friezes can be seen in-between the six prongs, indicating the three main islands of the city: Murano, Burano and Torcello.
Such "weeks" of between four and ten days have been used historically in various places.
Salisbury steak, first recorded in 1897 and named after James Salisbury, a doctor during the American Civil War, who recommended people eat hamburger three times per day.
The structures of the human neck are anatomically grouped into four compartments
The sliotar can be caught in the hand and carried for not more than four steps, struck in the air, or struck on the ground with the hurl.
Wooden pallets typically consist of three or four stringers that support several deckboards, on top of which goods are placed.
The practice of standing on one side and walking on the other may cause uneven wear on escalator mechanisms.
Employees are split into six hierarchies based on experience and can range "from entry-level data center workers at level one to managers and experienced engineers at level six."
Patients with lung disease and chronic pulmonary disease experience relief from their symptoms from singing just two times a week.
Typically, healthy hearts have only two audible heart sounds, called S1 and S2.
Healthy foals grow quickly and can put on up to three pounds or over a kilo a day.
This discovery has led modern virologists to reconsider and re-evaluate these three classical hypotheses.
By six to eight weeks they are harder to sex because of the growth of fur in the genital region.
These three functions are defined below.
Within the five principal layers above, that are largely determined by temperature, several secondary layers may be distinguished by other properties:The ozone layer is contained within the stratosphere.
According to Pliny the Elder in his Natural History, Apelles and the other famous painters of ancient Greece used only four colors in their paintings
These four days for the current epoch are centered on 11 February, 13 May, 25 July, and 3 November.
The two cultures contrasted each other in several ways including how they spoke, acted, and their entire style of clothing.
The iPhone 5S comes in three colors and the home button is replaced with a fingerprint scanner .
Meanwhile, the PBR has 700 members from three continents and ten million dollars in prize money.
The first was found by a farmer in Mezhirich, Ukraine, in 1965 while he was digging in his cellar and archaeologists unearthed three more.
There are four common types of cold chisels.
The Pali canon contains three passages in which the Buddha describes pressing the tongue against the palate for the purposes of controlling hunger or the mind, depending on the passage.
The joey will usually stay in the pouch for about nine months before starting to leave the pouch for small periods of time.
The following is a description of the four basic types of time-delay relay contacts.
However, every 2.867 days the magnitude decreases to 3.4 for more than nine hours.
Another commonly accepted ruleset is the 'ambush' ruleset, where one participant begins the contest without the opponent initially being aware of it.
However, the White Star Line decided that only 16 wooden lifeboats and four collapsibles would be carried, which could accommodate 1,178 people, only one-third of Titanic's total capacity.
Canada requires a minimum three years of undergraduate education for applicants, and at least 4200 instructional hours of full‐time chiropractic education for matriculation through an accredited chiropractic program.
A cross section of the hair shaft may be divided roughly into three zones.
The sizes are 00, 000, 0000 which are usually referred to as two ought, three ought, and four ought.
In two rare cases, boars were reported to gore a small tiger and a tigress to death in self-defense.
Typical swarms were one or two metres in diameter, but some exceeded 30 cubic metres.
John Lawrence, the Lord Mayor of London, ordered that the bodies of plague victims "...shall be at least six foot deep."
The number of points on male reindeer increases from birth to five years of age and remains relatively constant from then on. "
A goal is worth three points.
Although cows' natural life expectancy is about twenty years, after about five years the cows' milk production has dropped
The celestial symbolism of the dome, however, was the preeminent one by the Christian era.
A single silo stored from 60 to 80 tons of wheat, which, with proper precautions, kept in good condition for four years or more.
Using Brahe's precise observations of the planet Mars, Kepler spent the next five years developing his own method for characterizing planetary motion.
The three escalators run from ground level to the first set of platforms and are each 30 metres long, taking about 1 minute and 25 seconds from top to bottom.
An all-inclusive resort includes three meals daily, soft drinks, most alcoholic drinks, gratuities, and usually other services in the price.
Also, HUD reported the number of chronically homeless people decreased one percent between 2009 and 2010, from 110,917 to 109,812.
The combination of the two alkaloid toxins batrachotoxin and homobatrachotoxin is so powerful, one frog contains enough poison to kill an estimated 22,000 mice.
These cases include three small family clusters in Shanghai and one cluster between a neighboring girl and boy in Beijing, raising at least the possibility of human-to-human transmission.
After Rameau's death, the German Gluck was persuaded to produce six operas for the Parisian stage in the 1770s.
Each planet has two in the course of its orbit
All three also operate their own credit cards, which are a key driver for sales, and they also sell insurance and operate travel agencies.
This includes four terrestrial planets , two gas giants , and two ice giants .
Tattoos fall into three broad categories: purely decorative
We do not speak of faith that two and two are four or that the earth is round.
This should also be incorporated with at least one bathtub or shower for every ten students.
These improvements occur in five areas during adolescence:Attention: Improvements are seen in selective attention, the process by which one focuses on one stimulus while tuning out another.
However, some laws do treat these authorities differently based on the population and different rules apply to the three big cities Paris, Lyon and Marseille.
In the year 2800 CE, the Gregorian and Revised Julian calendars will begin to differ by one calendar day.
The Two-point Fold is folded off-center so the two points do not completely overlap.
Dittmar, Halliwell, and Ive gave picture books to girls age 5–8, one with photos of Barbie and the other with photos of Emme, a doll with more realistic physical features.
Molecular ions that contain at least one carbon to hydrogen bond are called organic ions.
Clock towers are a specific type of building which houses a turret clock and has one or more clock faces on the upper exterior walls.
In 2013, the PBA League was founded, composed of eight permanent 5-person teams, with an annual draft.
The medieval port crane, called Żuraw, over Motława river, the junction of two boulevards - Długie Pobrzeże and Rybackie Pobrzeże - is the symbol of the medieval harbour of Gdańsk.
Different species of Symbion have been found on the three commercially important lobsters of the North Atlantic Ocean – Nephrops norvegicus, Homarus gammarus, and Homarus americanus.
Most home hi-fi loudspeakers use two wiring points to connect to the source of the signal .
In the lower jaw, the three incisors are long, spatulate, and procumbent
The inrush current of tungsten filament incandescent lamps is typically ten times the normal operating current.
The postal code consists of four digits.
The two tires' contact with the ground affect safety, braking, fuel economy, noise, and rider comfort.
Moose between the ages of two and eight are seldom killed by wolves.
In the United Kingdom, an early form of insulated cable, introduced in 1896, consisted of two impregnated-paper-insulated conductors in an overall lead sheath.
Also, the ratio of the distance of its points from two fixed points is constant.
Firefighter safety is the number one priority.
Tom Lehrer wrote and recorded five albums of songs satirizing political and social issues from 1953 to 1965.
From an interior point in a reference triangle, the nearest points on the three sides serve as the vertices of the pedal triangle of that point.
As of 2018, six are considered at risk, as they are ranked "Endangered" , and "Vulnerable" .
As of 3 June 2009, there were 12 commonhold residential developments comprising 97 units in England and one commonhold residential development, comprising 30 units, in Wales. "
By 1985, one third of PRCA members had a college education and one half of the competitors had never worked on a cattle ranch.
It is then cut in two, forming two C shapes, and the core assembled by binding the two C halves together with a steel strap.
Indirect reciprocity is a social interaction in which one actor helps another and is then benefited by a third party.
Beyond this, most substances have three ordinarily recognized states of matter, solid, liquid, and gas.
One American heavy cruiser was sunk and three others heavily damaged, with the bows blown off of two of them.
He received a Royal Warrant from three successive monarchs starting with King George IV.
The authors of the 2007 Comprehensive Assessment of Water Management in Agriculture cited poor governance as one reason for some forms of water scarcity.
One possible solution was to denominate only the leptosporangiate ferns as "true ferns" while denominating the other three groups as fern allies.
General availability of public transportation encourages walking, as it will not, in most cases, take one directly to one's destination.
Single squares must be hopped on one foot, except for the first single square, where either foot may be used.
Cattle have a well-developed sense of taste and can distinguish the four primary tastes .
However, the use of multiple instruments in different keys persisted, with the three instruments in C, B♭, and A all used as specified by the composer.
Research in 1980 classified newspaper headlines into four broad categories: questions, commands, statements, and explanations.
About two times as effective on class B fires as sodium bicarbonate, it is the preferred dry chemical agent of the oil and gas industry.
There was either one empty seat in each BTR or two empty seats in each BMP to accommodate the platoon leader and assistant platoon leader.
Professionals working to encourage walking come mainly from six sectors: health, transport, environment, schools, sport and recreation, and urban design.
Home gardeners can graft a branch from a fruit-bearing plant to speed maturity, which typically takes four to six years to bear fruit.
Studies have found that two-stroke 50 cc mopeds, with and without catalytic converters, emit ten to thirty times the hydrocarbons and particulate emissions of the outdated Euro 3 automobile standards.
The five studios agreed to collectively select just one provider for sound conversion, and then waited to see what sort of results the front-runners came up with.
This "proto-sabre" had developed into the true cavalry sabre by the eight century CE, and by the ninth century, it had become the usual side arm on the Eurasian steppes.
In the UK, three different varieties are recognized, forcing the EU to use the term "dried vine fruit" in official documents.
A ranch bungalow is a bungalow organized so that bedrooms are on one side and "public" areas are on the other side.
When the ball rolls over this ring and forces one side of it down, a switch is closed that activates the bumper's solenoid.
He thought that, for any given topic, all four kinds of explanatory mode were important, each in its own right.
At least eight states restrict homeowners' associations from forbidding the installation of solar-energy systems, and lawyers have debated whether or not those laws might apply to clothes lines.
In 216 BC, Marcus Aemilius Lepidus, late consul and augur, was honoured by his sons with three days of gladiatora munera in the Forum Romanum, using twenty-two pairs of gladiators.
Turning is accomplished by forming the edges of the modifications, giving the parachute more speed from one side of the modification than the other.
The area of a triangle then falls out as the case of a polygon with three sides.
A mobile press has the advantage that it can be moved from one orchard to another.
These eight teams compete for four spots in a final playoff.
It can also be tuned like the top four strings of a guitar, which is known as "Chicago tuning".
These shared gardens, typically front or back yards, are usually used to produce food that is divided between the two parties.
Snowflakes are also seen as a symbol of uniqueness as no two are perfectly identical.
First held in 1978 on Oahu, only five years after the sport of triathlon was founded
Northern Ireland's two main communities are its Irish nationalist-republican community and its unionist-loyalist community .
Cadmus hurled stones into their midst, causing them to kill each other until only five were left.
All three corps are part of the umbrella organisation of the New Zealand Cadet Forces.
These fights known as "combat dances" consist of the two males intertwining the anterior portion of their bodies, often with their heads and necks held vertically.
A study of five wild cheetahs during hunting reported a maximum speed of 93 km/h , with an average of 48 to 56 km/h .
Goals are posts which are set eight yards apart, centred at each end of the field.
The name 'trout' is commonly used for some species in three of the seven genera in the subfamily Salmoninae: Salmo, Atlantic species
In 1876, the common council of the City of Los Angeles ordered four arc lights installed in various places in the fledgling town for street lighting.
The three types of cone opsins, being sensitive to different wavelengths of light, provide us with color vision.
In Drymoreomys, there are three digits at the tip of the penis, of which the central one is the largest.
Arena polo has similar rules, and is played with three players per team.
In the Pan-American Games, Team USA has made the finals in all seven appearances at the Games when Men's Fast Pitch was played.
The British monarch has at least three traditional bodyguard corps in service, known collectively as the Sovereign's Bodyguard.
The Nice Carnival was held as far back as 1294, and annually attracts over a million visitors during the two weeks preceding Lent.
Athletes compete in three different disciplines: floor, tumbling and trampette.
Under the MUTCD guideline, the walk indication may be a speech message if two or more units on the same curb are separated by less than 10 feet .
The beak consists of three layers
Thus, the tan gradually disappears with time, when one is no longer exposed to these sources.
The first wak has five syllables, the second has a variable number, also depending on the type, and may be optional.
Only four main interactions are known: in order of decreasing strength, they are: strong, electromagnetic, weak, and gravitational.
Africa is the largest of the three great southward projections from the largest landmass of the Earth.
Calves are the centre of attention in their family groups and rely on their mothers for as long as three years.
As the Republic wore on, the term of military service increased from ten to the sixteen years formalised by Augustus in the Principate.
A chord with three members is called a triad because it has three members, not because it is necessarily built in thirds .
International tournaments are held among countries in each of the five IFNA regions, either annually or every four years.
He was hanged one week later.
Italic type is commonly used to mark emphasis or more generally to distinguish one part of a text from the rest .
Most animals are fed hay in two daily feedings, morning and evening.
The five large black coloured cockatoos of the genus Calyptorhynchus form one branch.
Each wicket is made of three wooden stumps topped by two bails.
The iPhone was initially released with two options for internal storage size: 4 or 8 GB.
The US had built up a force in the Central Pacific of six large, five light, and six escort carriers prior to commencing these operations.
The insignia of a lieutenant in many navies, including the Royal Navy, consists of two medium gold braid stripes on a navy blue or black background.
The interior of Mordor was composed of three large regions.
Children from the age of seven forward were considered responsible for their actions.
Showtime's American rendition of Queer as Folk ran for five years, from 2000 to 2005
Any plane that includes the center of a sphere divides it into two equal hemispheres.
He swam all but 5 m underwater for the first three 50 m lengths, and also swam half underwater for the last length, winning the gold medal.
According to a study cited the New York Times, as of 2019, three companies account for nearly 80 percent of the US restaurant food delivery market: GrubHub, UberEats and Doordash.
A foal may start to eat solids from ten days of age, after eight to ten weeks it will need more nutrition than the mare's milk can supply
They basically consider, at European level, three types of roads: motorways, express roads, and ordinary roads.
At large airports with four or more parallel runways , some runway identifiers are shifted by 1 to avoid the ambiguity that would result with more than three parallel runways.
This reflects the three main groups into which Walmart categorizes its 200 million customers: "brand aspirationals" , "price-sensitive affluents" , and "value-price shoppers" .
The same researchers also state that the risk of acquiring oral cancer rises almost five times for users of alcohol-containing mouthwash who neither smoke nor drink .
The neck structures are distributed within four compartments:Vertebral compartment contains the cervical vertebrae with cartilaginous discs between each vertebral body.
In field crickets, for example, insects with a single X chromosome develop as male, while those with two develop as female.
The light-weight one is for summer and the medium one for spring and autumn
The antlers typically have two separate groups of points, lower and upper.
All three sergeant ranks are informally referred to as "sergeant", or "sarge".
In the 1588 Bergen case, all three victims were left hanging till they were dead, ranging from 6 to 8 days after being hanged.
The second and larger branch is formed by the genus Cacatua, comprising 11 species of white-plumaged cockatoos and four monotypic genera that branched off earlier
In some Linux distributions, for example Gentoo, Tux greets the user during booting with multi-processor systems displaying multiple images of Tux, one for each processor core.
TV Guide, while giving it two out of four stars, said it was "an underrated effort" like Lieberman's other works.
The systemic heart consists of three chambers, a lower ventricle and two upper atria, all of which can contract to propel the blood.
Viennese-style pianos were built with wood frames, two strings per note, and leather-covered hammers.
Other hamster species commonly kept as pets are the three species of dwarf hamster, Campbell's dwarf hamster , the winter white dwarf hamster and the Roborovski hamster .
The four existing national channels are owned by state-owned consortium France Télévisions, funded by advertising revenue and TV licence fees.
The kuji is a concept originating from Taoism, where it was a string of nine words used in charms and incantations.
There are four types of amniote skull, classified by the number and location of their temporal fenestrae.
Inspectors of turns: One inspector of turns is assigned to one or more lanes at each end of the pool.
Since the many species form hybrids easily, there are numerous cultivars with more than one species in their ancestry.
The six former districts were combined with the county to form the unitary authority of Northumberland, based in Morpeth.
The wings are long, pointed, and have nine primary feathers.
Missiles have four system components: targeting/guidance system, flight system, engine and warhead.
There are three main components to habit formation: the context cue, behavioral repetition, and the reward.
In early Buddhism, various yogic practices were taught including:the four dhyānas ,the four satipatthanas ,anapanasati ,the four immaterial dwellings ,the brahmavihārās .
In addition, in order to "develop a measurement scale of courage, ten experts in the field of psychology came together to define courage.
British retailer Marks & Spencer, the official suit provider for the national team, reported a 35% increase in waistcoat sales during England's first five games at the tournament.
She argues that instead of having a binomial nomenclature for organizing humans into two distinct sexes , there are at least five sexes in the broad spectrum of gender.
If one wants an accumulated rainfall over a time period, one has to add up all the accumulations from each grid box within the images during that time.
Several specimens escaped six years later, dispersing into the William C. Whitney Wilderness Area, with their descendants surviving for at least 20 years.
These two types of action are almost exclusively used by rifles.
Dancers use the phrase "hop, hop back" for these three movements, and there is a slight pause between the hop, and hop back.
The length was typically three times the span of his outstretched arms.
The naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace collected a total of 83,200 beetles during the eight years described in his 1869 book The Malay Archipelago, including 2,000 species new to science.
In the Powder River Basin approximately 27 to 54 billion tons of coal burned within the past three million years.
Lexical items that describe concepts in specific fields are usually called terms instead of words, although there is no consensus whether lexicology and terminology are two different fields of study.
Earth's human population reached approximately seven billion on 31 October 2011.
Uniformed sergeants' epaulettes feature three down-pointed chevrons, above or below a personal identification number.
Thailand has a large number of rice varieties, 3,500 kinds with different characters, and five kinds of wild rice cultivates.
Latin terms for anniversaries are mostly straightforward, particularly those relating to the first twenty years , or multiples of ten years ,
In this scenario, one player usually controls the two defensive rows and the other team member uses the midfield and attack rows.
A vaccine made for one year may not be useful in the following year, since the virus evolves rapidly.
Scott and Brennan Olson formed the company Rollerblade, Inc., to sell skates with four polyurethane wheels arranged in a straight line on the bottom of a padded boot.
The elapsed time from the local solar noon of one day to the next is exactly 24 hours on only four instances in any given year.
The four criteria carry different weight depending upon whether they are applied to colored gemstones or to colorless diamonds.
In the plan, Mehren proposed a 50,000-mile system, consisting of five east–west routes and 10 north–south routes.
Iron has four stable isotopes: 54Fe , 56Fe , 57Fe and 58Fe .
Central Plaza, in Hong Kong, was for four years the tallest building in Asia, at 78 storeys, 374 m .
The lower mandible is supported by a bone known as the inferior maxillary bone—a compound bone composed of two distinct ossified pieces.
There are four main types of roofers: shinglers, who primarily install shingles, shakes, tiles, and other nail-on products on roofs with 5:12 pitches or above
They weigh 1.2–2.1 kg at birth and are almost helpless, beginning to crawl a day or two after birth and walking around three weeks of age.
In the six New England states, a town is a municipality and a more important unit than the county.
Some anvils, mainly European, are made with two horns, one square and one round.
Bipeds are a unique case, and most bipeds will display only three gaits - walking, running, and hopping - during natural locomotion.
The flowers of most species have five petals, with the exception of Rosa sericea, which usually has only four.
There are three basic areas of concern to various groups.
Some games allow unlimited resplitting, while others may limit it to a certain number of hands, such as four hands .
Hamsters can be bred after they are three weeks old.
A traditional die is a cube with each of its six faces marked with a different number of dots from one to six.
In 2008, three years after the initial trials, IWMI scientists conducted a survey among 250 farmers in northeast Thailand, half of whom had applied bentonite to their fields.
For example, workers who clock 48 hours in one week would receive the pay equivalent to 52 hours of work .
Music is a natural intuitive phenomenon based on the three distinct and interrelated organization structures of rhythm, harmony, and melody.
Bulwagga: This is a unique design featuring three flukes instead of the usual two.
If there are half siblings on one side and full siblings on the other they would have three-halves the consanguinity of ordinary first cousins.
The pea karyotype consists of seven chromosomes, five of which are acrocentric and two submetacentric.
These stunts usually include a flyer , along with one or two bases , and one or two spotters in the front and back on the bottom.
Recreational and sport catamarans typically are designed to have a crew of two and be launched and landed from a beach.
It has organized at least four tournaments each year in different cities.
Lampreys have seven pairs of pouches, while hagfishes may have six to fourteen, depending on the species.
Navel piercings can be the slowest to heal, with one source reporting a range of six months to two full years.
In 1780 the Societas Meteorologica Palatina , an early international organization for meteorology, defined seasons as groupings of three whole months as identified by the Gregorian calendar.
After four decades of civil unrest and war, Mexico saw the development of philosophy and the arts, promoted by President Díaz himself.
As a result of this evolution, gins can be broadly differentiated into three basic styles.
Centeniers are elected at a public election within each parish for a term of three years to undertake policing within the parish.
Sometimes directions must be inferred by the position of the indicators relative to one another.
Their abdomens bear appendages that have been modified into spinnerets that extrude silk from up to six types of glands.
These are not yet completely settled, but one accepted relationship between the three groups described above is shown below.
The most common configuration in all cultures is three fletches, though as many as six have been used.
Fixed-wing aircraft are also subject to the P-factor effect, in which a rotating propeller will yaw an aircraft slightly to one side because the relative wind it produces is asymmetrical.
Air traffic control responsibilities at airports are usually divided into at least two main areas: ground and tower, though a single controller may work both stations.
Chopsticks are shaped pairs of equal-length sticks that have been used as kitchen and eating utensils in virtually all of East Asia for over three millennia.
Training of electricians follows an apprenticeship model, taking four or five years to progress to fully qualified journeyman level.
Its eight-year-old Whisky DYC is a combination of malts and spirits distilled from barley aged separately a minimum of eight years in American oak barrels.
Nevertheless, the class of topological curves is very broad, and contains some curves that do not look as one may expect for a curve, or even cannot been drawn.
Interbreeding appears to have been common among elephantid species, which in some cases led to species with three ancestral genetic components, such as the Palaeoloxodon antiquus.
Symptoms of influenza can start quite suddenly one to two days after infection.
That is, thought evolves from being based on perceptions and actions at the sensorimotor stage in the first two years of life to internal representations in early childhood.
Babe Dye scored four times in the 5–1 Stanley Cup-clinching victory against the Vancouver Millionaires.
For one hour video shooting in 4K the camera needs about 32 GB to accommodate a data transfer rate of 50 Mbit/s.
In ancient Egypt, six of 36 wine amphoras were found in the tomb of King Tutankhamun bearing the name "Kha'y", a royal chief vintner.
The suit was designed for a spacewalk mission of up to seven hours.
RMS Carpathia took three days to reach New York after leaving the scene of the disaster.
The principal means of evolution of antlers is sexual selection, which operates via two mechanisms: male-to-male competition and female mate choice.
Each volume of the ASHRAE Handbook is updated every four years.
A key component that defines a quilt is the stitches holding the three layers together—the quilting.
In 2005, the Sea Life London Aquarium displayed three robotic fish created by the computer science department at the University of Essex.
Armed with three 152 mm and four 76 mm guns after being completed as scout cruisers, the two warships were officially re-rated as destroyers by the Romanian Navy.
The average person eats out five to six times weekly.
The midpoints of the three sides and the feet of the three altitudes all lie on a single circle, the triangle's nine-point circle.
No Picnic on Mount Kenya, by Felice Benuzzi, recounts the attempt of three Italian prisoners of war during the Second World War to picnic on top of Mount Kenya.
So a bank of three may contain six lockers, for example, if they are two-tier lockers.
England won its ninth gold medal out of the ten tournaments played.
Early in the developing embryo, somites form and soon subdivide into three mesodermal components – the myotome, dermatome, and the sclerotome.
In Taekwon-Do, three types of multiple kick are distinguished:Double kick : two kicks of the same type executed in succession by the same foot in the same direction.
North America:In Canada : There are an estimated 500,000 to 1,000,000 moose with 150,000 in Newfoundland in 2007 descended from just four that were introduced in the 1900s.
The semi-circular break between the curved top and the six teeth is said to represent the Rialto Bridge.
Artist Marlee Bedford painted the first set of four crosswalks as part of the 2015 competition, and Linda Powers painted two more crosswalks in 2016 following that year's competition.
If all six numbers on the player's ticket match those produced in the official drawing , then the player is a jackpot winner.
Through 2015, the Super Rugby playoff involved six teams—the winners of each of three conferences , plus the three non-winners with the most competition points without regard to conference affiliation.
Hayley Westenra at one time busked on the streets of Christchurch, New Zealand.
In many contexts, students must first complete pre-professional coursework, followed by about four years of professional academic studies to obtain a degree in pharmacy .
This consisted of two rows of lights that formed a funnel indicating an aircraft's position on the glideslope.
Conventional operation may see one or two locomotives running together with a snowplow at either end.
Mutual consent divorce can not be appealed, and the law mandates a minimum period of six months for divorce to be granted.
On the basis of the locations of fulcrum, load and effort, the lever is divided into three types.
In either the split finger or three finger under case, the string is usually placed in the first or second joint, or else on the pads of the fingers.
Since 2014 the Conference Quarterfinals consists of four match-ups in each conference, based on the seedings division-wise .
However, smaller volumes are used for young children, for example, a smear of toothpaste until three years old.
Five homes were also burnt and Palestinian Security Forces arrested five people in connection to the death.
Musical depictions of mermaids include those by Felix Mendelssohn in his Fair Melusina overture and the three "Rhine daughters" in Richard Wagner's opera Der Ring des Nibelungen.
The drug policy is in contrast to the reduction of drug supply, but the two policies are often implemented together.
The pitches are as follows:The table below shows a pitch's name found over the six strings of a guitar in standard tuning, from the nut , to the twelfth fret.
There are thousands of cultivars of these three species.
Variations exist, but a typical ocarina is an enclosed space with four to twelve finger holes and a mouthpiece that projects from the body.
MIT settled the suit by paying a $155,000 fine and launching three environmental projects.
Holsters can be divided into four broad categories by use: duty holsters, worn by uniformed law enforcement and peace officers and security personnel
The term "four-in-hand" originally described a carriage with four horses and a driver
At trials in 1857 which tested the accuracy and range of both weapons, Whitworth's design outperformed the Enfield at a rate of about three to one.
Groups of up to ten or more urinals will be connected to a single overhead cistern, which contains the timing mechanism.
Beginning with the 1970 season, the NFL realigned into two conferences
London contains four World Heritage Sites: the Tower of London
In the 15th century there was a brief fashion for depicting all three persons of the Trinity as similar or identical figures with the usual appearance of Christ.
These three "doctored" and "juiced" techniques are banned from Leagues, but are still done today.
It would be impractical, for example to replace the roof of just one townhouse.
Topkapı Palace was the administrative, educational, and art center of the Empire for nearly four hundred years from Mehmed the Conqueror until Sultan Abdulmecid who was the thirty-first Sultan.
It was built in five months by order of Duke Cosimo I de' Medici in 1565, to the design of Giorgio Vasari.
Double-stops can be indicated in any position, though the widest interval that can be double-stopped naturally in one position is an octave .
There are two varieties: shorter tow fibers used for coarser fabrics and longer line fibers used for finer fabrics.
Butter contains fat in three separate forms: free butterfat, butterfat crystals, and undamaged fat globules.
Jasmine rice from Thailand and Basmati rice from Pakistan and India contain the least arsenic among rice varieties in one study.
The female risks an aggressive attack if she approaches too soon and may have to wait up to four days.
More broadly, a rhyme may also variously refer to other types of similar sounds near the ends of two or more words.
Modern darts have four parts: the points, the barrels, the shafts and the flights.
Stables also range widely in size, from a small building housing one or two animals to facilities at agricultural shows or race tracks that can house hundreds of animals.
Furthermore, the two offspring will have a half aunt/uncle-half nephew/niece relation.
The white areas are typically set by eight weeks, but the black areas may fade to brown as the puppy matures.
Using the mid-sized Dakota pickup's chassis as a base, they built the four-door Durango SUV with seating for eight people and created a new niche.
Potato growth can be divided into five phases.
This term came from two French words: couvrir, which means “to cover,” and chef, which means “head.”
It includes two limousines heavily guarded by local law enforcement and Secret Service, with all cars driven by professional drivers.
The normal process of childbirth takes several hours and has three stages.
Flashlights using one or two disposable 1.5 volt cells require a boost converter to provide the higher voltage required by a white LED, which need around 3.4 volts to function.
Fingerless gloves having one large opening rather than individual openings for each finger are sometimes called gauntlets, though gauntlets are not necessarily fingerless.
By December 8, 2006, it had completed its launch in the four key markets.
Notably, the Cistercians had one which connected more than 6,000 abbeys, monasteries, and churches.
The meaning of the "weasel" is unclear but the two most likely definitions are: a flat iron used for finishing clothing
Otis Elevator Company operates more than 1.9 million elevators worldwide, giving rise to its claim that the equivalent of the world population is transported by its products every five days.
William Shakespeare's father, John Shakespeare, was one such inspector.
On November 19, 2012, Hostess and the Bakers Union agreed to mediation, delaying the shutdown for two days.
Cognates within Indo-European include Icelandic hjól "wheel, tyre", Greek κύκλος kúklos, and Sanskrit chakra, the latter two both meaning "circle" or "wheel".
In 2018 the European Union decided to ban field use of all three major neonicotinoids
These cells serve an even larger number of mechanoreceptors of at least eight distinct types.
It may be ground fine, medium, or coarse, or rolled, or the groats may be chopped in two or three pieces to make what is described as pinhead oatmeal.
A diprotic acid can undergo one or two dissociations depending on the pH. Each dissociation has its own dissociation constant, Ka1 and Ka2.
A Haganah statement is quoted as saying that the battalion stayed in the village for about five hours, blowing up 25 buildings and burning others.
Some elimination tournaments are in a best-of-7 series, allowing a competitor to lose at most four times before being eliminated.
However, the rural risk is five times higher than on urban roads
There are nine Final Destination locations across the country.
The wooden ramp was "12 cubits long, half a cubit wide and three finger-breadths thick" with a straight, smooth, polished groove.
Instead, the poor buy water from water vendors for, on average, about five to 16 times the metered price.
Most gulls breed once a year and have predictable breeding seasons lasting for three to five months.
Two of the three subfamilies are of about equal size, containing between nearly 70 and 80 species each
Bouguer swung the same pendulum at three different elevations, from sea level to the top of the high Peruvian altiplano.
The 27-foot motorhome, mounted on a Dodge chassis, soon caught the eye of fellow campers, who asked Frank to build them one too.
Most shoes have shoelaces on the upper, connecting the medial and lateral parts after one puts their shoes on and aiding in keeping their shoes on their feet.
The five digits of the paws have no webbing between them, which is unusual for a carnivoran.
An international kite festival is held every year before Uttarayan for three days in Vadodara, Surat and Ahmedabad.
All of the three levels of listening function within the same plane, and sometimes all at once.
The L5 consists of two carrier components that are in phase quadrature with each other.
An example of a safety clutch is the one mounted on the driving shaft of a large grass mower.
Only the Royal New Zealand Air Force and New Zealand Army use sergeant as a rank, identifiable by the three chevrons.
It was played by ten to thirty players and the field included a "Neutral Zone": an area not to be entered until the ball has actually been kicked.
In a test of the system, a message was relayed 400 miles in four hours.
They usually have two to four sharp blades that cause massive bleeding in the victim.
While similar in appearance, the garden fork is shorter and stockier than the pitchfork, with three or four thicker tines intended for turning or loosening the soil of gardens.
The maximum speed limit on I-90 is 50 mph in downtown Cleveland because of two sharp curves with a suggested limit of 35 mph in a heavily congested area
The human center of mass is in front of the ankle, and unlike in tetrapods, the base of support is narrow, consisting of only two feet.
The smallest viral genomes—the ssDNA circoviruses, family Circoviridae—code for only two proteins and have a genome size of only two kilobases
Child supportChild support is an ongoing periodic payment made by one parent to the other
Sometimes as many as six hundred couples will walk in the bridal procession.
The last generation of the summer enters into a non-reproductive phase known as diapause and may live seven months or more.
This process is much shorter in other species, such as the galah and long-billed corella, which each take around six months to replace all their flight feathers.
According to an article in Foreign Affairs, there were generally three paths to economic reform taken post Soviet collapse.
An Allele chart is a chart originating from the study of genetics to show the interaction of two data points in a grid.
In 2015, the company closed five stores on short notice for plumbing repairs.
An early improvement was the fire chamber: the fire was enclosed on three sides by masonry walls and covered by an iron plate.
Piercing professionals recommend wearing earrings in the newly pierced ears for at least six months, and sometimes even a full year.
Today, this area is dominated by mostly Indian companies with Hero MotoCorp emerging as the world's largest manufacturer of two wheelers.
In Vienna, espresso bars were introduced in the 1950s, leading to both the kapuziner and the new-born Italian cappuccino's being served as two different beverages alongside each other.
Eyelashes take about seven to eight weeks to grow back if pulled out, but constant pulling may lead to permanent damage.
An athlete might run five miles a day.
In some locations it also had to be on the altar of a church for three consecutive Sundays.
This is a powder-based agent that extinguishes by separating the four parts of the fire tetrahedron.
Since 2010, both tours' money titles have been claimed by the same individual three times, with Luke Donald doing so in 2011 and Rory McIlroy in 2012 and 2014.
Some daylight basements are located on slopes, such that one portion of the floor is at-grade with the land.
This too has three cusps which close with the pressure of the blood flowing back from the aorta.
In 1950 the NFL absorbed three teams from the rival All-America Football Conference, and the former "Divisions" were now called "Conferences", echoing the college use of that term.
Backing materials first arrived in the form of nylon sheeting applied to one side of the neoprene.
Depending on their separation distance and strength, the two vortices may simply orbit around one another or else may spiral into the center point and merge.
Dissemination focuses on the message being relayed from one main source to one large audience without the exchange of dialogue in between.
They were required to do ten days for each month in the imperial palace.
The media and others have used one term or the other to frame conversations around the subjects, resulting in a shift of perceptions among their audiences.
There is no single definition of the characteristics of a clipper ship, but mariner and author Alan Villiers describes them as follows:To sailors, three things made a ship a clipper.
Where radio transmitters and receivers share one antenna, often a coaxial relay is used as a TR relay, which switches the antenna from the receiver to the transmitter.
Mafic lavas occur in a wide range of settings:At mid-ocean ridges, where two oceanic plates are pulling apart, basaltic lava erupts as pillows to fill the gap
These differences did not disappear in the deglobalisation period of the two World wars.
These three differ from each other in the way they treat vowels: abjads have letters for consonants and leave most vowels unexpressed
Llamas should be tested for pregnancy after mating at two to three, six and at least 12 weeks.
One classification was based on body types and conformation, suggesting the presence of four basic prototypes that had adapted to their environment prior to domestication.
A three seconds violation results in a player from the other team taking a free shot against the goalie.
In addition to sweep, gouges are also specified by the distance from one edge of the blade to the other .
Italy also manufactured two Fiat 2000s towards the end of the war, too late to see service.
Épée body cords consist of two sets of three prongs each connected by a wire.
There are five common synonyms for decorative pillows which are descriptive of their use in the home. "
In classic form, the ghazal has from five to fifteen rhyming couplets that share a refrain at the end of the second line.
Of Aristotle's four explanatory modes, the one nearest to the concerns of the present article is the "efficient" one.
The Castilian knight El Cid is described in The Lay of the Cid as "the one with the flowery beard".
The nearest Met Office weather station for which data are available is at Boulmer, about nine miles to the north.
Addictive drugs are associated with three types of epigenetic modifications within neurons.
For example, one could have an exact sequence of vector spaces and linear maps, or of modules and module homomorphisms.
The city contains five health centers run by various organizations including the Palestinian Red Crescent.
An aeroplane can also climb and sideslip, giving it six degrees of freedom.
There are three types of silk produced in the region: mulberry, endi and tassar.
There were about six lines in the depot, including one for maintenance.
The second style consists of one or two oarsmen, each with two crossed oars .
It was the first all-British aeroplane capable of making six return flights over five miles within five hours.
There are ten types of classes, for different levels of age and exertion.
These two criteria overlap to an extent, which means that often no single aspect of syntactic form is always decisive in determining how the clause functions.
All three options allow intellectually disabled people to develop and exercise social skills that are vital to everyday life.
Household Cavalry and Royal Armoured Corps: Three or four armoured fighting vehicles commanded by a subaltern, i.e. effectively the same level element as an infantry platoon.
It is a large structure with a sweeping roof supported by two to four rows of internal posts.
Once the kits weigh about 1 kg , they begin to explore outside the den, consuming solid food for the first time after six to nine weeks.
Battle axe: In its most common form, an arm-length weapon borne in one or both hands.
The flowers are bell-shaped, greenish-white to yellowish, 4.5–6.5 mm long, with six tepals partially fused together at the base
The Royal Air Force also has the rank of sergeant, wearing the same three chevrons.
Cats have seven cervical vertebrae
There are five subspecies of Asiatic wild ass or onager, Equus hemionus, and three subspecies of the kiang, Equus kiang, of the Himalayan upland.
The two parts are not necessarily the same size
Basic calculators usually store only one number at a time
Their populations have fallen through habitat destruction, disturbance, and environmental pollution, and three species are of conservation concern.
In Hindu mythology, Yama, the god of death, owns two watch dogs who have four eyes.
In addition, each congressional district that falls under the jurisdiction of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao elects three members each to the country's only subnational legislative assembly.
From as early as five years old, girls are introduced to their first neck ring.
The shape of the cells is such that two opposing honeycomb layers nest into each other, with each facet of the closed ends being shared by opposing cells.
The difference is that hand-reeled threads produce three grades of silk: two fine grades that are ideal for lightweight fabrics, and a thick grade for heavier material.
Some innovative designers have proposed making bricks not out of rectangles, but with triangular shapes which can be combined in three dimensions.
The first four respectively produced about 11%, 2%, 1.4% and 0.2% of all milk worldwide in 2011.In Russia and Sweden, small moose dairies also exist.
Whether they are owners or employees, managers administer three primary components of the business' value: financial resources, capital , and human resources.
In Colorado Springs, Colorado, yellow lights at numerous intersections have been noted with durations of approximately two seconds.
The two reciprocating engines had a combined output of 30,000 horsepower .
No further court documentation on this case exists as of September 2017, suggesting that either the two companies settled prior to any court action, or Interlink had dropped the case.
In 1795, the British government levied a tax on hair powder of one guinea per year.
The dated ancient olive trees do, however, not allow any hypothesis to be made with regard to the age of the remaining five giant olive trees."
The theory states that, all things being equal, passive littering will be more resistant to change because of two psychological processes: 1.
Industrial casters typically have a flat top plate that has four bolt holes to ensure a sturdy connection between the top plate and the load.
The body is triploblastic, with three well-developed germ layers, and their tissues form distinct organs.
It is very seldom that one is mounted at a height other than these two standard heights.
Commercial air service commenced three weeks later from Manila to Baguio, making it Asia's first airline route.
In 1865, German painter, author, and caricaturist Wilhelm Busch created the strip Max and Moritz, about two trouble-making boys, which had a direct influence on the American comic strip.
These are followed by four stages of anaerobic degradation.
There are many types of looms.weaving is a type of artWeaving can be summarized as a repetition of these three actions, also called the primary motions of the loom.
The oldest dated etching is by Albrecht Dürer in 1515, although he returned to engraving after six etchings instead of developing the craft.
Royal Australian Navy Operates two Hobart-class destroyers with one more to be commissioned.
In his table of the seven deadly sins, Hieronymus Bosch depicts a bourgeois woman admiring herself in a mirror held up by a devil.
Idiot mittens are two mittens connected by a length of yarn, string or lace, threaded through the sleeves of a coat.
A follow-up found that 90% of bicycle officers who tried the no-nose seat were using it six months later.
Some forms of the tool have one blade, which may be pushed, swung or struck with a mallet.
An object will travel in one direction only until an outer force changes its direction.
But, certainly, violence is more than killing people, unless one includes all those words and actions that kill people slowly.
Eastern monasticism is found in three distinct forms: anchoritic , cenobitic , and the "middle way" between the two, known as the skete .
It channels information to the three component processes: the phonological loop, the visuo-spatial sketchpad, and the episodic buffer.
Troika, a traditional Russian vehicle drawn by three horses, usually a sled, but it may also be a wheeled carriage.
It appears as two identical triangles with a common vertex, but the geometric intersection is not considered a vertex.
Today, engineers assisted by computer-aided drafting software have designed eyepieces with seven or eight elements that deliver exceptionally large, sharp views.
An alphabetic cuneiform script with 30 signs including three that indicate the following vowel was invented in Ugarit before the 15th century BC.
In the Early Modern period, western sword design diverged into roughly two forms, the thrusting swords and the sabers.
Mammals, which are synapsids, possess one fenestral opening in the skull, situated to the rear of the orbit.
It housed two crew in an open cockpit and 15 passengers in an enclosed cabin.
During the last ten days of Ramadan, larger mosques will host all-night programs to observe Laylat al-Qadr, the night Muslims believe that Muhammad first received Quranic revelations.
Modern saxophone players have extended the range to over four octaves on tenor and alto.
The remaining space consists of four equal irregular tetrahedra with a volume of 1/6 of that of the cube, each.
On a well constructed trail the slope of the trail from side to side is never more than one in twelve, because side-sloped trails are prone to gullying.
The five specific tastes received by taste receptors are saltiness, sweetness, bitterness, sourness, and savoriness, often known by its Japanese term "umami" which translates to ‘deliciousness’.
Each page of the Principia Discordia—the primary religious document in Discordianism—is labeled with five digits.
Driving with all four wheels on unploughed land is another solution to the problem of wide tyres.
In addition to setting many psalms to melodies, which were influential in the Great Awakening in the United States, he wrote texts for at least three Christmas carols.
Jetties are classified into four different types and have two main controlling variables: the type of delta and the size of the jetty.
An eighth barrel has the same dimensions as a sixth barrel, but the seven bottom-most inches are hollow.
After Sherley was initially denied tenure, his case was examined three times before the university established that neither racial discrimination nor conflict of interest affected the decision.
Areas that provide for walks include Wimbledon Common, Epping Forest, Hampton Court Park, Hampstead Heath, the eight Royal Parks, canals and disused railway tracks.
Others have been converted to signalised intersections, such as the Drum Hill Rotary in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, which is now six lanes wide and controlled by four separate intersections.
Through 1980, the ten Farraguts were joined by four additional classes and two one-off ships for a total of 36 guided missile frigates, eight of them nuclear-powered .
Collaborative blogs or group blogsA type of weblog in which posts are written and published by more than one author.
Some games use only one type, like Exalted which uses only ten-sided dice.
How soil formation proceeds is influenced by at least five classic factors that are intertwined in the evolution of a soil.
The three occurrences of the position need not occur on consecutive moves for a claim to be valid.
Inside, heavy timber posts supported timber beams and joists for the upper levels, rarely more than four to five stories high.
Hawks, like most birds, are tetrachromats having four types of colour receptors in the eye.
The gas-diluting ratio is then decreased by a factor of 1.4 or two .
Thus species that are high on the food chain amass body burdens of mercury that can be ten times higher than the species they consume.
The industrial revolution phase lessened the role of subsistence farming, converting it to more extensive and mono-cultural forms of agriculture in the last three centuries.
The closed stance is the least commonly used of the three main stances.
Within the acting industry, there are four types of television roles one could land on a show.
In 1896, an article in The Pall Mall Gazette popularised a practice of alternative medicine that probably began in the whaling town of Eden, Australia two or three years earlier.
During his later years, Telford was responsible for rebuilding sections of the London to Holyhead road, a task completed by his assistant of ten years, John MacNeill.
The four major classes of medusozoan Cnidaria are:Scyphozoa are sometimes called true jellyfish, though they are no more truly jellyfish than the others listed here.
Since full siblings are 50% related and half siblings are 25% related three quarter siblings would be about 37.5% related.
At a certain point, Mamoulian wanted the audience to hear one character singing at the same time as another prays
By the end, there were about ten feet of snow and some drifts reaching 25 feet, burying houses entirely.
Flower constancy has been observed for at least one species of butterfly.
A study found that yowls could last as long as two seconds.
At the initial charge, both wrestlers must jump up from the crouch simultaneously after touching the surface of the ring with two fists at the start of the bout.
There are two distinct kinds of autograph quilts.
Indian Navy Operates three Kolkata-class destroyers.
For Sn, all four halides are well known: SnF4, SnCl4, SnBr4, and SnI4.
To achieve the proper seasoning, the billets are simply stacked in the yard for a period of six months to two years.
Within five minutes of the hour, the phrase "five of seven" can be heard "five-oh-seven" . "
When young horses reach breeding maturity, the terms change: a filly over three is called a mare, and a colt over three is called a stallion.
There are two methods for doing an infusion—hot and cold.
Some have had the ability to expand to four, eight or as many as 12 inputs with additional adapters, such as the Multitap.
The "Hand Bombers" and "Rifle Grenadiers" sections had a total of twelve and nine men each, respectively, including two corporals each, but no sergeant.
Storage clipboards have one or more compartments designed for paperwork, both to allow for easy transport of needed papers, and to protect those papers.
Plant-like diatoms and animal-like radiolarians are two forms of plankton which form hard silicate shells.
Variations include impact drivers, which provide two types of 'hammering' force for improved performance in certain situations, and "right-angle" drivers for use in tight spaces.
There are three main types: clincher, wired and tubular.
This used high-pressure steam to drive the engine by one power stroke.
The character of a half-pipe depends on the relationship between four attributes: most importantly, the transition radius and the height, and less so, the degree of flat bottom and width.
Its successor, the United Nations, amended this definition in 1945, by including a maximum stay of six months.
An exception to this is the Boer goat, which sometimes may have up to eight teats.
Cluster headaches affect approximately three times as many men as women.
After the start of World War I, her four 120 mm main guns were landed and her four 75 mm secondary guns were modified for anti-aircraft fire.
The individual compares groups in order to determine which one will fulfill their needs , while the group estimates the value of the potential member .
For example, the hookworm Necator americanus has two dorsal and two ventral cutting plates or teeth around the anterior margin of the buccal capsule.
Postmodernism posits that both dystopia and utopia are one and the same, overarching grand narratives with impossible conclusions.
The three stumps are aligned centrally on the bowling crease, which is eight feet eight inches long.
In three dimensions, the cardioid is shaped like an apple centred around the microphone, which is the "stem" of the apple.
Pancake holsters are typically made of two pieces of the material with the handgun sandwiched between them, containing at least two belt slots.
Cacao trees cannot tolerate a temperature lower than 15 °C .The three main varieties of cacao beans used in chocolate are criollo, forastero, and trinitario.
In 2008, Time named London alongside New York City and Hong Kong as Nylonkong, hailing it as the world's three most influential global cities.
Thailand and Indonesia are two of the leading rubber producers.
The researchers found that one-fourth of the students asked to imagine the four events reported that they had actually experienced such events as children.
Alternatively two long feathers can be spiraled around the end of the arrow shaft.
The Germans and Austrians kept alto trombone somewhat longer than the French, who preferred a section of three tenor trombones until after the Second World War.
On a six-month cycle, Facebook committed to work with ten to 15 data-driven startups there.
There are two types of breathers: standing or traveling ones.
All of the known forces of the universe are classified into four fundamental interactions.
Elasmotherium was two meters tall, five meters long and weighed around five tons, with a single enormous horn, hypsodont teeth and long legs for running.
In one case, after it had killed an adult gaur, a tiger was observed to drag the massive carcass over a distance of 12 m .
Antarctica's two flowering plant species, the Antarctic hair grass and Antarctic pearlwort , are found on the northern and western parts of the Antarctic Peninsula.
The three departments do not all report to the same senior manager, to prevent unethical practices and lend credibility to the process.
For instance, the assessment to become certified as an ophthalmic technician includes two components, a multiple-choice examination and a computerized skill simulation.
Bamboos have long been considered the most primitive grasses, mostly because of the presence of bracteate, indeterminate inflorescences, "pseudospikelets", and flowers with three lodicules, six stamens, and three stigmata.
Each team of one or two human players controls four rows of foos men, one row each for the goalkeeper, defenders, midfield and strikers.
Traditionally it has to be torn apart by two individuals before eating.
While antlers of bull woodland caribou are typically smaller than barren-ground caribou, they can be over one metre across.
By the end of colonialism, only four of the suyat scripts survived and continue to be used by certain communities in everyday life.
Most ixodid ticks require three hosts, and their lifecycles take at least a year to complete.
Their isotopic concentrations in a natural rock sample depends greatly on the presence of these three parent uranium and thorium isotopes.
A genetic study of tabbies found five genetic clusters to be ancestral to cats of various parts of the world.
It supports two cups that are usually held in place by two shoulder straps.
There are about ten fields in Cyprus, the most recognized of them being the Lapatsa Paintball Ranch in Nicosia, DNA-Paintball in Paphos, and Paintball Cyprus in Limassol.
York has a temperate climate with four distinct seasons.
Between 1931–1999, variants of the McIntyre System were used to accommodate four, five, six and eight teams, and prior to 1930, six different finals systems were used.
In addition, the Court of Jurisdictional Disputes rules on cases that cannot be classified readily as falling within the purview of one court system.
Another study compared determination and pride to see how these two positive emotions differentially influenced perseverance in the context of a mathematical problem-solving task.
In order to keep the water in control during construction, two sluices, artificial channels for conducting water, were kept open in the dam.
Pulleys are also assembled as part of belt and chain drives in order to transmit power from one rotating shaft to another.
The two main types of swamp are "true" or swamp forests and "transitional" or shrub swamps.
Eastern crucifixes have Jesus' two feet nailed side by side, rather than crossed one above the other, as Western crucifixes have shown them since around the 13th century.
Depictions of the five traditional senses as allegory became a popular subject for seventeenth-century artists, especially among Dutch and Flemish Baroque painters.
It is possible to connect up to three external displays to a 2014-era laptop via a single Mini DisplayPort, utilizing multi-stream transport technology.
There are three different ways water coasters operate: water jets, conveyor belts, and linear induction motors.
The postal code always consists of five digits separated with a hyphen , i.e. 00-486
The first combinations of the three principal components of the tank appeared in the decade before World War One.
Yarns are grouped by thickness into six categories: superfine, fine, light, medium, bulky and superbulky
Many deserts were at one time the sites of shallow seas and others have had underlying hydrocarbon deposits transported to them by the movement of tectonic plates.
Zebras have four gaits: walk, trot, canter and gallop.
A crossed rectangle is a crossed quadrilateral which consists of two opposite sides of a rectangle along with the two diagonals.
A young, unmarried, Chinese girl would often wear two buns, or bundles of hair on either side of the head to display her availability to prospective husbands.
A common use is control of lighting, where multiple switches may be wired into one circuit to allow convenient control of light fixtures.
The goals are surrounded by a near-semicircular area, called the zone or the crease, defined by a line six meters from the goal.
A cycle path is represented by two points next to each other, a vehicle lane by a rectangle and tram rails by two lines lying one above the other.
Of the three different pizzas he created, the Queen strongly preferred a pizza swathed in the colors of the Italian flag — red , green , and white .
They form three pairs of orthogonal axes.
Addressing an Issue: The best approach to address an issue with a roommate is an upfront and in person conversation, preferably a one on one conversation.
After the block are cut, they are then glued to one piece of fabric or bed sheet.
As the viola is tuned exactly one octave above the cello , pieces written for the cello can be easily transposed to the alto clef.
In mammals the penis is divided into three parts:Roots : these begin at the caudal border of the pelvic ischial arch.
Later, the Chinese admiral Zheng He made seven voyages to Arabia, East Africa, India, Indonesia and Thailand.
According to Fayol, management operates through five basic functions: planning, organizing, coordinating, commanding, and controlling.
Baptised Sikhs are bound to wear those five articles of faith, at all times, to save them from bad company and keep them close to God.
Many terrestrial globes have one celestial feature marked on them: a diagram called the analemma, which shows the apparent motion of the Sun in the sky during a year.
Newton, who admitted his eyes were not very critical in distinguishing colours, originally divided the spectrum into five main colours: red, yellow, green, blue and violet.
Their personal qualities, the demands of the situation, or a combination of these and other factors attract followers who accept their leadership within one or several overlay structures.
The main Garden Croquet Club in the UK is the Bygrave Croquet Club which is a private club with five lawns.
The four segments of the duodenum are as follows : bulb, descending, horizontal, and ascending.
Multiball ends when all but one ball is lost down the bottom of the playfield, and then regular play resumes.
The computation of 0.45 seconds involved extracting a square root, a mathematical operation that required rounding off to some number of significant digits, in this case two significant digits.
A relegation play-off involving the bottom four teams existed through the 2011–12 season, but was scrapped from 2012–13 on.
In film, the idea of the predator as a dangerous if humanoid enemy is used in the 1987 science fiction horror action film Predator and its three sequels.
Porcupines are distributed into two evolutionarily independent groups within the suborder Hystricomorpha of the Rodentia.
Together these four species account for nearly half of the total wild capture.
The ICSG classification of the cactus family recognizes four subfamilies, the largest of which is divided into nine tribes.
The postal code consists of two capital letters and four digits separated with a hyphen.
Light, no matter how complex its composition of wavelengths, is reduced to three color components by the eye.
A viaduct is made up of multiple bridges connected into one longer structure.
Complex dunes are combinations of two or more dune types.
Tree branches and large stems are rather coarse after chipping and tend to be used as a mulch at least three inches thick.
An anomalistic month is longer than a sidereal month because the perigee moves in the same direction as the Moon is orbiting the Earth, one revolution in nine years.
However, as of February 11, 1942, nylon production was redirected from being a consumer material to one used by the military.
The extra drag from the wires was not enough to offset the aerodynamic disadvantages from having two airfoils interfering with each other however.
Maximal adduction is impeded by the thighs coming into contact with one another.
Head heights can vary, but most anime characters are about seven to eight heads tall.
The super smooth suit, which was optimised with the help of NASA wind tunnels, uses welded seams and multiple woven fabrics to reduce drag by up to six percent.
Characterised by large double doors in the centre of one side, a smaller one on the other, and storage for cereal harvest or unprocessed on either side.
Larger sheets, such as those with detailed maps or expansive photo spreads, are folded into four, five, or six panels.
This is derived from the book of Genesis when Abraham meets with three angels and Lot meets with two.
The examples are so abundant that we must ask two questions: Is there any states system which has not led fairly directly to the establishment of a world empire?
As they grow over the next two or three years and develop greater energy reserves, they spawn as females by releasing eggs.
Flipping/rotation schedules vary between materials and manufacturers, but typically recommended is monthly for the first six months and every two or three months thereafter.
This piece, however, was only deemed popular for an average of seven years upon arrival to the public sphere.
In Trinidadian calypso and soca, congas are sometimes struck with mallets, while in the Congos, they are often struck with one hand and one mallet.
If one bail is off, removing the remaining bail or striking or pulling any of the three stumps out of the ground is sufficient to put the wicket down.
There is no clear dividing line between the Earth's shadow and the Belt of Venus: one colored band shades into the other in the sky.
At a general level, research has three steps: 1.
Facebook provided only six cases in which it fact-checked content on the InfoWars page over the period September 2017 to July 2018.
Minority groups other than the three religious minorities recognised in the Treaty of Lausanne do not have any official rights, and the use of minority languages is restricted.
Purfling can also appear on the back of an acoustic guitar, marking the edge joints of the two or three sections of the back.
Some may limit the placing of a wooden memorial to six months after burial, after which a more permanent memorial must be placed.
Venomous snakes are classified in two taxonomic families:Elapids – cobras including king cobras, kraits, mambas, Australian copperheads, sea snakes, and coral snakes.
A front-loader or loader is a tractor with an engineering tool which consists of two hydraulic powered arms on either side of the front engine compartment and a tilting implement.
The thickness of a church bell at its thickest part, called the "sound bow", is usually one thirteenth its diameter.
However, they have an additional pair of incisors in the upper jaw and the two orders have quite separate evolutionary histories.
Measuring six to ten lanes wide with 3-5 meter-wide sidewalks on both sides and a landscaped central median, the boulevard is lined with narra trees.
The cone cells in the human eye are of three types which respond differently across the visible spectrum, and the cumulative response peaks at a wavelength of around 555 nm.
Old style traditional linings were hides, blankets, and rectangular pieces of cloth hanging about four to five feet above the ground tied to the poles or a rope.
The needles can number from one to seven per fascicle, but generally number from two to five.
In 1967, the NFL expanded and created four divisions under the two conferences, which led to the institution of a larger playoff tournament.
Within each pollen grain is a male gametophyte which consists of only three cells.
They have to be calibrated against a primary thermometer at least at one temperature or at a number of fixed temperatures.
Of the three Princesses that were built, two never flew, and all were scrapped in 1967.
In sports, a type of podium can be used to honor the top three competitors in events.
The predictive validity of the theory of Reasoned Action has been examined in numerous studies that have previously served as literature for at least three quantitative reviews.
The scalp is usually described as having five layers, which can conveniently be remembered as a mnemonic:S: The skin on the head from which head hair grows.
Most funding for scientific research comes from three major sources: corporate research and development departments
A match tie-break is played like a regular tie-break, but the winner must win ten points instead of seven.
There are two types, depending on the method of extracting the audio signal from the transducer: DC-biased microphones, and radio frequency or high frequency condenser microphones.
There are two basic methods of treating: with and without pressure.
A pentamer is an oligomer composed of five subunits.
Netball's important competition is the World Netball Championships , held every four years.
Weather permitting, the water operates from May to October, intermittently cascading down the two towers and spouting through a nozzle on each tower's front face.
Melanogenesis leads to delayed tanning, and typically becomes visible two or three days after exposure.
Dawkins noted the three conditions that must exist for evolution to occur:variation, or the introduction of new change to existing elements
It is the second of seven months to have a length of 31 days.
Each of the three fascicles has its own motorneuron subnucleus in the motor column in the spinal cord.
Preventive medications are generally recommended when people have more than four attacks of migraine per month, headaches last longer than 12 hours or the headaches are very disabling.
Two neighbouring countries with two World Cup victories each, Argentina and Uruguay wear a light blue shirt, the former with white stripes.
In 2004 Georgia adopted a new white flag, which consists of four small and one big red cross in the middle touching all four sides.
The superposition eye is divided into three types:refracting,reflecting andparabolic superpositionThe refracting superposition eye has a gap between the lens and the rhabdom, and no side wall.
The advertising theme "Delicious and Healthful" was then used over the next two decades.
There are two phylogenetic hypotheses on the relationships among extant and fossil bear species.
In 2008 at least two distilleries in the traditionally brandy-producing Caucasus region announced their plans to enter the Russian domestic market with whiskies.
The semicircular canals are three ring-like extensions of the vestibule.
This is only possible when the application tends to require many steps which apply one operation to a large set of data.
The superficial head arises on the flexor retinaculum, while the deep head originates on three carpal bones: the trapezium, trapezoid, and capitate.
The abdomen can also be divided into nine regions.
This is also nearly the value of the gold to silver ratio determined by Isaac Newton in 1717.That these three ratios are all approximately equal has some interesting consequences.
In the case of the body-centered cubic crystal structure shown above, the unit cell is made up of the central atom plus one-eight of each of the eight corner atoms.
Most photographic filters are made up of two pieces of optical glass glued together with some form of image or light manipulation material between the glass.
In dyads, groups of two people, synchronization has been demonstrated to increase affiliation, self-esteem, compassion and altruistic behaviour and increase rapport.
Small vessels can generally be moored by four to six mooring lines.
The exact ratios between the values of the three metals varied greatly between different eras and places
The platoon may also have three MAG 58 general-purpose machine guns, one M2 Browning heavy machine gun or a Mk 19 grenade launcher at its disposal.
People tend to define droughts in three main ways:Meteorological drought occurs when there is a prolonged time with less than average precipitation.
Winter Palace , was the official residence of the Russian monarchsThe three Scandinavian countries of Denmark, Norway and Sweden all have long monarchic histories, and possess several palaces.
One is all species of bears are classified in seven subfamilies as adopted here and related articles: Amphicynodontinae, Hemicyoninae, Ursavinae, Agriotheriinae, Ailuropodinae, Tremarctinae, and Ursinae.
The "true" roar can be heard at up to 3 km away and is sometimes emitted three or four times in succession.
In this version of croquet there are nine wickets, two stakes, and up to six balls.
However, Aristotle believed that only one part of the soul was immortal namely the intellect .
A 10-day week, called décade, was used in France for nine and a half years from October 1793 to April 1802
The closest living relatives of clawed lobsters are the reef lobsters and the three families of freshwater crayfish.
For example, satyaloka is the "highest heaven' and Satya Yuga is the "golden age" or best of the four cyclical cosmic ages in Hinduism, and so on.
Beginning in the 1840s, afternoon tea supplemented this luncheon at four o'clock.
Made up of three muscles including the spinal, longissimus, and iliocostalis.
The material itself is usually only about 12 mm thick so an edge is usually created by stacking up two or three layers of the material.
The weather ship crews were normally at sea for three weeks at a time, returning to port for 10-day stretches.
The size of a single litter can range from four to 12 kits allowing a female to deliver up to 60 new kits a year.
The administration of London is formed of two tiers: a citywide, strategic tier and a local tier.
There were also some composers who, while not otherwise cellists, did write cello-specific repertoire, such as Nikolaus Kraft who wrote six cello concertos.
Morning can be defined as starting from midnight to noon, or from sunrise to noon, or from when one wakes up to noon.
The U.S. exercises full international defense authority and responsibility for three sovereign nations through Compact of Free Association with Micronesia, the Marshall Islands and Palau.
Nudism was successfully introduced in 2012 by The Thailand Naturist Association in Pattaya , and six more nudist resorts have been created all over Thailand.
Small lymphatic networks called plexuses exist beneath each of the three layers of the heart.
Aside from water, wood has three main components.
In a study by B. Pohl in 1992, raccoons were able to instantly differentiate between identical and different symbols three years after the short initial learning phase.
It grows in three layers on the edge of the eyelids.
There are four major groups of cauliflower.
The period of one revolution of a planet's orbit is known as its sidereal period or year.
In each half, one team bats until three outs are made, with the other team playing defense.
Weekenders usually have only a simple cabin, often consisting of a single "saloon" with bedspace for two to four people.
In this litany seven processions, of clergy, laymen, monks, nuns, matrons, the poor, and children respectively, starting from seven different churches, proceeding to hear mass at St. Maria Maggiore.
A rice bowl, a soup bowl, two or three small dishes with accompanying foods, and two or three condiment dishes for person would be typical.
At least one uses the phone's own microphone to amplify sound, produce a visualization, and e-mail the results.
Some 25–35 new plants can be produced from a single bulb after four years.
Therefore, the cousins are at least three generations away from their common ancestor and the cousins separated by a difference of one generation .
In most flowering plants the female gametophyte within the ovule consists of only seven cells.
The advantage of the 6–2 is that there are always three front-row hitters available, maximizing the offensive possibilities.
To win the tournament, a country must perform well across all five disciplines .
The screensaver interfaces indirectly with the operating system to cause the physical display screen to be overlaid with one or more graphic "scenes".
Later on large cannon were known as bombards, ranging from three to five feet in length and were used by Dubrovnik and Kotor in defence during the later 14th century.
In contrast, boys develop more slowly but continue to grow for about six years after the first visible pubertal changes.
However, a color pixel consists of four black and white pixels each equipped with a color filter .
The leg pads generally come to about three inches above the knee.
A section comprises eight soldiers led by a corporal with a lance corporal as second in command.
Sound is delivered through an amplifier and two or more integrated loudspeakers.
The light then passes through a nearly identical lens known as an optical limiter , also known as a "programming lens", also five inches in diameter.
In Sassanid period the festival was divided into two distinct pentads, known as the lesser and the greater Pentad, or Panji as it is called today.
The behavior of sound propagation is generally affected by three things:A complex relationship between the density and pressure of the medium.
In 2006, it was claimed that one insurgent sniper, "Juba", had shot up to 37 American soldiers.
Many early row-crop tractors had a tricycle design with two closely spaced front tires, and some even had a single front tire.
Coordinated universal time is subject to one constraint which does not affect the other atomic timescales.
For consistency, non-vintage wines can be blended from more than one vintage, which helps wine-makers sustain a reliable market image and maintain sales even in bad years.
It is organised by the INF in conjunction with the national governing bodies of the six competing nations, UK Sport, and the host city's local council.
Being able to introspect may lead to two forms of adolescent egocentrism, which results in two distinct problems in thinking: the imaginary audience and the personal fable.
For example, when encountering again a person to whom one has already spoken that day, a silent bow replaces such phrases as "hello" or "hi."
Later the "quad" style of roller skate became more popular consisting of four wheels arranged in the same configuration as a typical car.
Generally, the bagels are sliced into eight pieces using a bread slicer, which produces characteristically precise cuts .
Combining the two evokes the act of procreation, as a symbol of universal creativity.
In the vapor phase, isolated water molecules absorb at around 22 GHz, almost ten times the frequency of the microwave oven.
There are currently two groups of local Israeli stations: one broadcasts news from YNET, the other broadcasts them from Channel 10.
In the United States as little as three percent of the soils are residual.
It is then filled in three layers of equal volume, with each layer being tamped with a steel rod to consolidate the layer.
Outside the state sector, there are three fee-paying independent schools.
Significant tonnage of rubber was used as adhesives in many manufacturing industries and products, although the two most noticeable were the paper and the carpet industries.
Most birds have at least one opposable digit on the foot, in various configurations, though these are seldom called "thumbs".
In the domain of humanities, arts, and social sciences, as of October 2019 MIT economists have been awarded seven Nobel Prizes and nine John Bates Clark Medals.
Typically one or two cartridges attach securely to a mask which has built into it a corresponding number of valves for inhalation and one for exhalation.
Human hands contain fourteen digital bones, also called phalanges, or phalanx bones: two in the thumb and three in each of the four fingers.
Camcorders have three major components: lens, imager and recorder.
Taste receptors in the mouth sense the five taste modalities: sweetness, sourness, saltiness, bitterness, and savoriness .
Such truncations are marked as straight diagonal lines, resulting in an end zone with six corners and six pylons.
These two muscles are the strongest pronators and aid in plantar flexion.
In the latter method, the pit sprouts in four to six weeks, at which time it is planted in standard houseplant potting soil.
Nacreous pearls, the best-known and most commercially significant, are primarily produced by two groups of molluskan bivalves or clams.
According to the A.M.A, the proper waiting period to change or take out a piercing with substantially less risk of infection would be three weeks.
For example, the stomach of ruminants, , is divided into four chambers – rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum.
The average pride consists of around 15 lions, including several adult females and up to four males and their cubs of both sexes.
When one turns from a heading of east or west the compass will lag behind the turn or lead ahead of the turn.
Macau SAR passports are in three languages: Chinese, Portuguese and English.
Each half-line had exactly six syllables, and each line ended in a trochee.
In the 45 minutes Bell played, only seven people out of over a thousand who passed by stopped to watch, and he took in just over $32.
Over 50 parade groups dance, sing, and play music over a five kilometre-long course.
Apparently, it's a modern innovation, as the first generation of three-stringed ʻukuleles were four stringed instruments with one string removed.
Each state and union territory has one or more official languages, and the constitution recognises in particular 22 "scheduled languages".
Although many different styles of gin have evolved, it is legally differentiated into four categories in the European Union, as follows.
Virtually all heroes in Greek mythology fight or kill a boar at one point.
In the body-centered cubic arrangement, there is an iron atom in the center and eight atoms at the vertices of each cubic unit cell
Muhammad is quoted in a hadith as saying that "water, greenery, and a beautiful face" were three universally good things.
This theory specifically identified four axioms that determine an individual's preference when selecting an alternative out of a series of choices that maximizes expected utility for him.
The four fingers can be folded over the palm which allows the grasping of objects.
All three American aircraft carriers were out to sea, however, and evaded destruction.
Most bikes have two or three chainrings, and from 5 to 11 sprockets on the back, with the number of theoretical gears calculated by multiplying front by back.
A traditional example in Buddhist texts is of three sticks standing upright and leaning against each other and supporting each other.
The colour of a tulip is formed from two pigments working in concert
Newton later recorded his ideas in a three book set, entitled Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica .
Further, scrolls were written only on one side, while both sides of the codex page were used.
Concrete mixers have a rotating drum on an inclined axis, rotating in one direction to mix, and in the other to discharge the concrete down chutes.
To recognize the differences of companies in this sector, it is divided into three subsectors: building construction, heavy and civil engineering construction, and specialty trade contractors.
Women's panties became more colourful and decorative, and by the mid-1960s were available in two abbreviated styles called the hip-hugger and the bikini , frequently in sheer nylon fabric.
The commune was based in Matheran and had just three members at the beginning
Beaver families can have as many as ten members in addition to the monogamous pair.
When defending against a smash, players have three basic options: lift, block, or drive.
Due to the high cost of maintaining infrastructure, political goodwill, and global reach, newcomers found it virtually impossible to challenge the big three European agencies or the American Associated Press.
Walmart Canada's first three Supercentres opened in November 2006 in Ancaster, London, and Stouffville, Ontario.
A typical Edwardian dinner might consist of up to four courses that include two soups, two types of fish, two meats, ending with several savouries then sweets.
Often, seed dormancy is divided into four major categories: exogenous
In the 1990s there were a variety of builders, but the industry has consolidated to two builders of large vehicular ferries between 60 and 120 metres.
To make restitution for having killed Ares's dragon, Cadmus was forced to serve Ares as a slave for eight years.
They developed a new chariot design that had lighter wheels, with four spokes rather than eight, and that held three rather than two warriors.
However, it is theoretically impossible to make useful day-to-day predictions more than about two weeks ahead, imposing an upper limit to potential for improved prediction skill.
International competitions run by the International Racquetball Federation are like the USA Racquetball scoring system: two games to 15 with a tie-breaker to 11, if necessary, and win by one.
Two of the five major episcopal sees of the Pentarchy instituted by Justinian the Great in 531 AD were located in present-day Turkey during the Byzantine period.
The triple consists of two outer rows of identical diatonic strings with a third set of chromatic strings between them.
It meant 'answer to a why question' or 'explanation', and Aristotelian scholars recognized four kinds of such answers.
For example, five-stringed electric violins are available from several manufacturers, and a seven string electric violin is also available.
Copulation time is short, ranging from 30 seconds to five minutes, but the male may mount her repeatedly to ensure successful fertilisation.
Using positron emission tomography Pardo and his colleagues were able to provoke sadness among seven normal men and women by asking them to think about sad things.
The first major releases from Warner Home Video arrived on December 20, 1996, with four titles being available.
So, one could be maintaining a blog on Facebook or blogging on Instagram.
As such, the 1916 definition of limousine by the US Society of Automobile Engineers is "a closed car seating three to five inside, with driver's seat outside".
Causes may sometimes be distinguished into two types: necessary and sufficient.
The specification for Top Tier Detergent Gasolines was developed by four automakers: GM, Honda, Toyota, and BMW.
The last long training run might be undertaken up to two weeks prior to the event.
With a crew of eight or ten , they could make three knots over calm waters.
Basil can also be propagated reliably from cuttings with the stems of short cuttings suspended for two weeks or so in water until roots develop.
In many places, typical snowmen consist of three large snowballs of different sizes with some additional accoutrements for facial and other features.
The time lapse involved in rebreeding, and the length of a jenny's gestation, means that a jenny will have fewer than one foal per year.
In Finland, there are two mayors, in Tampere and Pirkkala.
Only the males have horns, and have been so heavily hunted that some herds contain up to 800 females to one male.
At slow speeds, it employs pentapedal locomotion, using its tail to form a tripod with its two forelimbs while bringing its hind feet forward.
At least one study of problem-solving in groups showed an optimal size of groups at four members.
The bit rate increases were achieved by defining four or eight distinct symbols, which allowed the encoding of two or three bits per symbol instead of only 1.
During a full eight-hour night sleep, most dreams occur in the typical two hours of REM.
It is not unheard of for certain kinds of corporate transactions to require a team of five to ten attorneys due to sprawling regulation.
A standard keychain that was purchased for five dollars new may only be worth less than a dollar once it has been owned regardless of condition.
There are three basic types: hingeless, fully articulated, and teetering
Some bakers use two or three thin paper liners, nested together, to simulate the strength of a single foil cup.
Each sound consists of two components, reflecting the slight difference in time as the two valves close.
Chesapeake Bay's once-flourishing oyster population historically filtered excess nutrients from the estuary's entire water volume every three to four days.
David Skinner in 2013 noted that "Among the top ten lookups on Merriam-Webster Online at this moment are 'holistic, pragmatic, caveat, esoteric' and 'bourgeois.'
That is, there could be up to three players at each position at a table in jurisdictions that allow back betting.
It is readily identifiable by the age of seven months.
Alternatively, one might be driven into such practices by poverty or, ironically—against the background of large-scale agribusiness—might become an organic farmer growing for discerning/faddish consumers in the local food market.
The Home and the World, written in 1916 by Rabindranath Tagore, is another example of a book switching among just three characters at chapter boundaries.
These have one, two, four, or eight iron atoms that are each approximately tetrahedrally coordinated to four sulfur atoms
This is the first standard in the parasail industry with three more in the works to be approved later this year.
At one point he had a heiau dedicated to him on every piece of land that jutted into the ocean on the island of Molokai.
Blood was often seen seeping from the mouth and nose when one was seen in its shroud or coffin and its left eye was often open.
Two or three languages are printed at the relevant points, followed by reference numbers which point to the passport page where translations into the remaining languages appear.
They are consistently built with at least two carriageways, guard rails and interchanges with grade separation.
A "run" is scored when a player has touched all four bases in order, proceeding counterclockwise around them.
The idea of a three dimensional or "internal" form of sound has developed into technology for stethoscopes creating "in-head" acoustics and IMAX movies creating a three dimensional acoustic experience.
Clad woks can cost five to ten times the price of a traditional carbon steel or cast-iron wok, yet cook no better
Scientific and archaeological research has established that Burma, China, Java and Annam were the four main gong manufacturing centres of the ancient world.
The two most used soil treatments are pasteurisation and sterilisation.
It was proof that one had risen above those who lived in one or two rooms.
They retained the two inboard piston engines, the jets being housed in the outboard nacelles.
This motor causes two sets of hinged blades to move back and forth past one another allowing for the hair cuticles to be cut.
It only illuminated if the steering was moved more than ten degrees off center and the high beams were turned on.
A genus-wide molecular study has since proposed a new classification system, made up of two subgenera, Chronosemium and Trifolium.
By the Victorian era, large houses and estates in Britain maintained the use of separate rooms, each one dedicated to a distinct stages of food preparation and cleanup.
The lower prong of this fork may be either simple, or divided into two or three tines, with some flattening.
Two lanes will be taken up by one team.
The plant's stem and leaves are fleshy and its white flower has five petals.
Sergeants in the infantry, for example, lead fire teams of four men.
Perfect rhyme can be defined as the case when two words rhyme if their final stressed vowel and all following sounds are identical.
By promoting actin polymerisation at one pole of their cells, they can form a kind of tail that pushes them through the host cell's cytoplasm.
Nowadays only the mayors of the three city-states are still elected by the respective city-state parliaments.
The mothers nurse for over a year before weaning, but the young can spend up to five years with the mothers.
In conversation, one specifically would say either "they are going to university" or "they are going to college" .
Following the Cambrian explosion, 535 Mya, there have been five mass extinctions.
In general, weaving involves using a loom to interlace two sets of threads at right angles to each other: the warp which runs longitudinally and the weft that crosses it.
There are not always E♭ clarinet, alto clarinet, and contra-alto clarinets/contrabass clarinet parts in concert band music, but all three are quite common.
To accommodate the large crowds Babe Ruth drew, Yankee Stadium was the largest ballpark in baseball and was built with three tiers.
Unusual among Lamiaceae, the four stamens and the pistil are not pushed under the upper lip of the corolla, but lie over the inferior lip.
This is done by holding up a slinky in the air and striking one end, resulting in a metallic tone which sharply lowers in pitch.
The three point gait is usually used by those who cannot bear weight on one leg.
Upsetting is the process of making metal thicker in one dimension through shortening in the other.
They must stay on the horse and ride with proper technique for eight seconds for the ride to be judged and scored.
Only three classes of pigment have been identified in spiders, although other pigments have been detected but not yet characterized.
The United States is unusual in that it has only slightly modified its coinage system to accommodate two centuries of inflation.
Predator and prey pairs are expected to associate with one another for stable periods of time.
For example, a ream of 20 lb, 8.5 in × 11 in paper weighs 5 pounds, because it has been cut from a larger sheet into four pieces.
Today it is a very popular design on the amateur astronomical market, where the name Plössl covers a range of eyepieces with at least four optical elements.
The tournament in each category is held every four years—two years from 2010.
An intersection is usually required to meet one or more of these warrants before a signal is installed.
For example, if six extra copies of a letter were needed, the fluid-corrected original would be photocopied, but only for the two recipients getting "c.c.
To avoid a proliferation of "greats" when discussing genealogical trees, one may also use ordinals instead of multiple "greats"
Supermarkets, malls, independent retailers, and increasingly, banks, remain open seven days a week.
During the next two years the next two patches are burned consecutively, then the cycle begins anew.
Alligators move on land by two forms of locomotion referred to as "sprawl" and "high walk".
This family of reed pipes is subdivided further into another two sub-families: exposed double reed, and capped double reed instruments.
A new list of seven important problems, titled the "Millennium Prize Problems", was published in 2000.
Waterfalls can be grouped into ten broad classes based on the average volume of water present on the fall using a logarithmic scale.
In many games, at each end of the field of play, there are two vertical posts supporting a horizontal crossbar.
Annealing goes through three phases: recovery, recrystallization, and grain growth.
Female timber rattlesnakes in high peaks in the Appalachian Mountains of New England reproduce every three years on average
The four forms commonly distinguished by the inhabitants of South America are recognized as distinct species, though with difficulties in defining their distinctive characteristics.
In 1846, Anne Thynne maintained stony corals and seaweed for almost three years, and was credited as the creator of the first balanced marine aquarium in London.
It was previously divided into two types: alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence.
The water holding frog in Australia has a similar life cycle and may aestivate for as long as five years if no rain falls.
A sloop is a sailboat with a single mast typically meaning one headsail in front of the mast, and one mainsail aft of the mast.
Under scientific management, it was no longer acceptable to use the same shovel for shoveling brown coal one day and gravel the next.
Most of his prints were relatively small—up to about six inches or 15 cm on their longest dimension, but packed with detail.
The Jewish marriage ceremony ends with the bride and groom drinking a shared cup of wine after reciting seven blessings, and according to western "Ashkenazi" traditions, after a fast day.
William Stanley Jevons later expanded this view and stated that we can attend to up to four items at a time.
Severe blizzard-like storm raged for three days in Kansas and Iowa.
Nair and Shrivastava in 1942 suggested a similar idea but instead advocated dividing the sample into three equal parts before calculating the means of the subsamples.
In Islam, the principle of evil is expressed by two terms referring to the same entity: Shaitan and Iblis.
For four decades after its 1920 inception, the NFL successfully fended off several rival leagues.
The super-Emitron was between ten and fifteen times more sensitive than the original Emitron and iconoscope tubes and, in some cases, this ratio was considerably greater.
In geometry, a cube is a three-dimensional solid object bounded by six square faces, facets or sides, with three meeting at each vertex.
Pikes are normally seven to eight feet in length, and used in conjunction with smaller side-arms .
As a result of exposure to daylight, all three were turned into stone.
Inventions are of three kinds: scientific-technological , sociopolitical , and humanistic, or cultural.
They will continue to produce milk until three weeks before birth.
By three o'clock there were no fewer than nine tigers round the kill.
These three days are collectively called Allhallowtide and are a time for honoring the saints and praying for the recently departed souls who have yet to reach Heaven.
A person standing on 121st Street and walking ten blocks south could also be said to have walked ten blocks downtown.
Within an octahedral sheet, there are three octahedral sites in a unit structure
Two kisses are most common throughout all of France but in Provence three kisses are given and in Nantes four are exchanged.
There are two popular modern styles of sitar offered in a variety of sub-styles and decorative patterns.
Note that the tongue consists of eight muscles, not one.
Levine points out that the V pentatonic scale works for all three chords of the standard II-V-I jazz progression.
A 1999 genetic study suggests that the variations represent differentiated populations with limited gene flow between them, and that the three subspecies comprise a single evolutionarily significant unit.
These groups are classified in turn into more broad categories, the most encompassing of these being the six crystal families.
At another level, one may invoke the deity, on a more equal footing.
The United Kingdom's four surviving King George V-class ships were scrapped in 1957, and Vanguard followed in 1960.
In 1969, Jell-O 1∗2∗3 , a gelatin dessert that separated into three layers as it cooled, was unveiled.
The infantry battalion weapons company consists of three heavy weapons platoons: 81mm mortar, heavy machinegun , and anti armor .
Japan did not acquire a cannon until 1510 when a monk brought one back from China, and did not produce any in appreciable numbers.
The main tower consists of four vertical cylinders standing next to and across from each other.
Males have two slits, one concealing the penis and one further behind for the anus.
Two basic types of coils are used: one with coils in spiral form, usually with a cord running inside the coils
Stage three is the passing of the placentas.
Plant scientists have grouped fruits into three main groups, simple fruits, aggregate fruits, and composite or multiple fruits.
Therefore to understand an extremist or a terrorist organisation one has to learn about a cult."
Based on this analysis, he identified four emotions that all researchers consider being founded on human neurology including assertive-anger, aversion-fear, satisfaction-happiness, and disappointment-sadness.
If it is used for its relation between pressure and volume and temperature, a thermometric material must have three properties: Its heating and cooling must be rapid.
In India, nine pale and white leopards were reported between 1905 and 1967.Leopards exhibiting erythrism were recorded between 1990 and 2015 in South Africa's Madikwe Game Reserve and in Mpumalanga.
Flight dynamics is the science of air and space vehicle orientation and control in three dimensions.
The initial conflicts are resolved, and the four men become companions-in-arms.
Venomous snakes include three families of snakes, and do not constitute a formal classification group used in taxonomy.
Japan has two Nobel Prize-winning authors – Yasunari Kawabata and Kenzaburō Ōe .Japanese philosophy has historically been a fusion of both foreign, particularly Chinese and Western, and uniquely Japanese elements.
Decades may describe any ten year period, such as those of a person's life, or refer to specific groupings of calendar years.
However, there are instances of sewing techniques indigenous to cultures in distant locations from one another, where cross-cultural communication would have been historically unlikely.
The formation of geysers specifically requires the combination of three geologic conditions that are usually found in volcanic terrain.
He currently holds three world titles.
The combined total of 1,151 yards of offense for both teams broke an NFL record that had stood for nearly seven decades.
Several incomplete sets of this form of croquet are known to exist, and one complete set is still used for demonstration games in the West of Scotland.
In England, shoeing was accomplished by throwing the ox to the ground and lashing all four feet to a heavy wooden tripod until the shoeing was complete.
Most older farm tractors use a manual transmission with several gear ratios, typically three to six, sometimes multiplied into two or three ranges.
The xylophone is a transposing instrument: its parts are written one octave below the sounding notes.
Those who remarry do so on average three times.
In India, the three forces have different salutes with the Indian Army and the Indian Navy following the British tradition.
There are five basic strokes:Open tone is played with the four fingers near the rim of the head, producing a clear resonant tone with a distinct pitch.
This allows for safety should the entire team be taken off their feet which also allowing for greater speed than the traditional technique of belaying one climber at a time.
In less flexible species the two sharks swim parallel to each other while the male inserts a clasper into the female's oviduct.
Soft rime contains a high proportion of trapped air, making it appear white rather than transparent, and giving it a density about one quarter of that of pure ice.
By 1817, two out of every three ships which left Sydney went to Java or India, and cargoes from Bengal fed and equipped the colony.
In a study of seven breeds of dogs it was found that inbreeding decreases litter size and survival.
There are three main hypotheses that aim to explain the origins of viruses:Regressive hypothesis Viruses may have once been small cells that parasitised larger cells.
In the end, only three from a total of eight olive trees could be successfully dated.
The one exception to this rule is that training stable partners and brothers can face each other in a championship-deciding playoff match.
The transmitters usually output either one stereo mix or two mono mixes.
These three organizations are volunteer youth groups administered by the Department of National Defence.
The other eight are elsewhere on the field, their positions determined on a tactical basis by the captain or the bowler.
Between ages four and six, children will be more actively curious.
The Book of Jubilees described the continents as the lands given by Noah to his three sons
For instance, one strike is an out, and two balls is a walk.
A year later, MGM started using three tracks instead of one to record the musical selections of movie soundtracks, and very quickly upgraded to four.
Propeller aircraft use one or more propellers to create thrust in a forward direction.
A standard adult football match consists of two halves of 45 minutes each.
A small number of players, notably Monica Seles, use two hands on both the backhand and forehand sides.
It is most often a diffuse and often hyperkeratinised lesion, occasionally has the form of nodules and grows infiltratively, and can also be a combination of the two types.
Thus a variable which can store up to nine digits would be "packed" into 5 bytes.
The remaining cacti fall into only two genera, Pereskia and Maihuenia, and are rather different, which means any description of cacti as a whole must frequently make exceptions for them.
Given an adequate supply of food, larvae pupate and weave silken cocoons after three larval stages.
In 2017, members of one organization, the United States Parachute Association reported 2,585 skydiving injuries sufficiently severe to require resort to a medical care facility.
A four poster bed is a bed with four posts, one in each corner, that support a tester.
These two parts form the casing that holds the fluid going through the valve.
Structured like a prefecture instead of a normal city, there is only one to in Japan, namely Tokyo.
The best product of the country is the Pirot carpet, worth about ten shillings a square metre.
Under English law, there are broadly five types of set-off which have been recognised:Legal set-off.
Kart racing is generally accepted as the most economic form of motorsport available on four wheels.
This former type of automobile had an enclosed passenger compartment seating three to five persons, with only a roof projecting forward over the open driver's area in the front.
Working three weekdays a fortnight, for example, would therefore be approximately twenty-four hours .
Color images are typically represented as a combination of images in three primary colors, so that the signal is vector-valued with dimension three.
Ski manufacturing techniques allow skis to be made in one or a combination of three designs:Laminated skis are built in layers.
There are three main types of the towing mirror: Permanently mounted mirrors.
Other substantial producers were Australia, Poland, China, and Finland, each with over one million tonnes.
Snow affects human activity in four major areas, transportation, agriculture, structures, and sports.
Mazes in higher dimensionsIt is possible for a maze to have three or more dimensions.
Flowers The flowers of Narcissus are hermaphroditic , have three parts , and are sometimes fragrant .
This incentive structure has seen the usage of nets in Malawi spike over 40% in less than seven years.
The tray is designed to hold four disposable cups.
Play continues until one player has won all of the chips in play.
Hinge widthLength from the outer edge of one leaf to the outer edge of the other leaf, perpendicularly across the pin .
For example, one chime can indicate "up", two "down", and no chimes indicate an elevator that is 'free'.
In thermodynamics, two bodies are often considered as connected by contact with a common wall, which has some specific permeability properties.
After each of the first three rounds, the four Chase Grid drivers with the fewest season points are eliminated from the Grid and championship contention.
If sufficient power were massed against one point to penetrate it, the forces based there could be withdrawn and the line could be re-established relatively quickly.
Hunting licenses for five Namibian Black rhinos are auctioned annually, with the money going to the government's Game Products Trust Fund.
The three largest producers, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia, together account for around 72% of all natural rubber production.
Some other schools, including some in the United States, have four marking periods.
It is divided into three grades the same way as the army sergeant rank.
In a voting system that uses a scored vote , the voter gives each alternative a number between one and ten .
In August 1492 Christopher Columbus stopped at La Gomera in the Canary Islands for wine and water, intending to stay only four days.
Emotion work is done to achieve a certain feeling that one believes they should feel.
Additionally, three more Sejong the Great-class destroyers are being built.
A service provided by many clubs is for a customer to be placed on stage with one or more dancers for a public lap dance.
Medieval sources usually identified hell with the seven layers of the earth mentioned in Surah 65:12, inhabited by devils, harsh angels, scorpions and serpents, who torment the sinners.
Stan Wawrinka is another example of a player who hits consistent one hand backhand drives on all types of surface with the same margin of error.
Hébert set up a "méthode naturelle" session consisting of ten fundamental groups: walking, running, jumping, quadrupedal movement, climbing, balancing, throwing, lifting, self-defence and swimming.
There are three main types of mountains: volcanic, fold, and block.
The pinnate leaves are deeply lobed with four to ten small lateral lobes and a large terminal lobe.
At this time, the eyelets were reinforced with stitches and were not placed across from one another, but instead staggered.
As of 2014, seven of every ten Moravians live in a former mission field and belong to a race other than Caucasian.
However, within two years, NRFU players could be paid, but they were required to have a job outside sport.
Among the many artists in Boston there were four major families in the city's silver market: Edwards, Revere, Burt and Hurd.
The crop from old trees is sometimes enormous, but they seldom bear well two years in succession, and in many cases, a large harvest occurs every sixth or seventh season.
Edison reported that it would take a motor with a ratio of three to four pounds per horsepower produced to be successful, based on his experiments.
The two metallic layers are forced together at high speed and with great force.
Research looking at the duration of urination in a range of mammal species found that nine larger species urinated for 21 ± 13 seconds irrespective of body size.
The four top reasons for demolition were “area redevelopment” , “building’s physical condition” , “not suitable for anticipated use” , and “fire damage” .
Many of the different sports played on ice get international attention every four years during the Winter Olympic Games.
If communities are developed based on something they share in common, whether location or values, then one challenge for developing communities is how to incorporate individuality and differences.
Boats can be categorized into three main types:Unpowered or human-powered.
It was also found that in editorial spreads, over eighty percent of models pictured were white and only nine percent were black models.
At seven weeks of age, the joey's head grows longer and becomes proportionally large, pigmentation begins to develop, and its sex can be determined .
There were three attempts to keep minke whales in captivity in Japan.
These two uses, the fixture and the room, completely supplanted the other senses of the word during the 20th century except in the form "toiletries".
It is made of wood or cane, usually with seven finger holes and one thumb hole, producing a diatonic scale.
The wave struck three boats — each with two people aboard — anchored in the bay.
These two branches are called crèche and école maternelle.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary , the English word "mustang" comes from two essentially synonymous Spanish words, mestengo and mostrenco.
There are three basic types of knitting needles .
In a typical warehouse setting, most forklifts have load capacities between one and five tons.
Anticipated regret, or how much regret one thinks one will feel in the future, appears to be overestimated for actions and choices.
There are four gearing options: two-speed hub gear integrated with chain ring, up to 3 chain rings, up to 11 sprockets, hub gear built into rear wheel .
During the following period of two military dictatorships, interrupted by two civilian governments, the Peronist party was outlawed and Perón was exiled.
Hackman developed a hierarchical model of team autonomy which consists of four levels of team self-management.
What is considered modest or daring in one society might not be considered so in another.
The tricuspid valve has three cusps, which connect to chordae tendinae and three papillary muscles named the anterior, posterior, and septal muscles, after their relative positions.
In the 2010s, digital kits are often offered in a five-piece kit, usually with one plastic crash cymbal triggers and one ride cymbal trigger.
The historian of technology M.J.T. Lewis has identified in English and French sources four mentions of wheelbarrows between 1172 and 1222, three of them designated with a different term.
A Ticklebug is a type of hand puppet created from a human hand to have four legs, where the puppet features are drawn on the hand itself.
In several team sports, matches are played in two halves.
Viruses are now recognised as ancient and as having origins that pre-date the divergence of life into the three domains.
However, calves are occasionally left in nurseries which are guarded by one or a few adults.
It had one front wheel, with a solid rubber tyre, and two large rear wheels like a modern tractor.
Seven to ten yellow finlets run from the dorsal fins to the tail, which is lunate – curved like a crescent moon – and tapered to pointy tips.
His own account in his autobiography is of a horse-drawn wooden carriage on eight retractable legs, capable of lifting itself over high walls.
While in the preceding two decades, MLB attendance grew by 50 percent and revenue nearly tripled, the comparable NPB figures were stagnant.
Inside the phloem is a layer of undifferentiated cells one cell thick called the vascular cambium layer.
In most major countries, the expectation is that escalator users wishing to stand keep to one side to allow others to climb past them on the other.
The playoff will remain at eight teams, with the three conference winners joined by five "wildcards", specifically the top remaining teams without regard to conference affiliation.
It typically comprises three or more battalions of different units depending on its functionality.
In China, three bows are customarily executed at funerals including state funerals,ancestral worship, and at special ceremonies in commemoration of pater patriae Sun Yat-sen.
CBM maintenance is performed after one or more indicators show that equipment is going to fail or that equipment performance is deteriorating.
It is commonly understood as a temporal set of intended actions through which one expects to achieve a goal.
This means that the two League Champions are not guaranteed to make the Japan Series.
Rome and Thracia in the Classical period identified three kinds of truffles: the Tuber melanosporum, the Tuber magnificanus and the Tuber magnatum.
Instead of the elliptical curve which was given by the intersection of two semicircular barrel vaults, or cylinders, he employed the semicircular arch for the diagonal ribs
Forty six male physicians, surgeons, and apothecaries are named in court transcripts or other contemporary source materials relating to New England witchcraft.
Originally, there were three types of hobbits, with different physical characteristics and temperaments: Harfoots, Stoors, and Fallohides.
Some designs were made by a mixture of these two design theories.
It took advantage of a new color printing process, which used color separation and three different colors of ink
Some cities have more than one post office, thus having multiple postcodes .
The protagonist d'Artagnan, in his youthful exuberance, accidentally insults three men on the same morning and schedules the duels that afternoon, one after the other.
However, the third and fourth lines only need five to seven.
The relationships between these three lineages is contentious, and all three possible hypotheses have been proposed with respect to which group is basal.
Tremolo is marked with three short, slanted lines across the stem of the note.
High-quality green and white teas can have new water added as many as five or more times, depending on variety, at increasingly higher temperatures.
French music, therefore, usually employed a section of three tenor trombones up to the mid–20th century.
These angular crystals, which bond poorly to one another and the surrounding snow, often become a persistent weakness in the snowpack.
In mid-1996, the song became a worldwide hit roughly one year after the Bayside Boys produced a remix of the song that added English lyrics.
One in three companies offered apprenticeships in 2003, in 2004 the government signed a pledge with industrial unions that all companies except very small ones must take on apprentices.
The isorassa is the first part of the monastic "habit" of which there is only one style for Orthodox monastics .
With the small rooms typical of a residence, one or two sprinklers can cover most rooms.
Run-and-Swim entry is used in shallow waters that go from zero-depth to at least three feet.
The compass can be corrected in three ways.
The players on the team at bat attempt to score runs by touching all four bases, in order, set at the corners of the square-shaped baseball diamond.
Popular in the 16th and 17th centuries, oval and elliptical plan domes can vary their dimensions in three axes or two axes.
Following this convention, when more than three levels of nesting are needed, often a cycle of parentheses, square brackets, and curly brackets will continue.
As of 2005, nine condom manufacturers have stopped manufacturing condoms with nonoxynol-9 and Planned Parenthood has discontinued the distribution of condoms so lubricated.
The small, short dorsal fin begins before the body's midpoint and may have four to seven spines
Saint Louis has won two National Championships in Jr C Hurling , as well as two National Championships in Jr D Gaelic Football .
In 1582 five Florentine literati gathered and founded the Accademia della Crusca to demonstrate and conserve the beauty of the Florentine vernacular tongue, modelled upon the authors of the Trecento.
The theatrical culture of the city-state of Athens produced three genres of drama: tragedy, comedy, and the satyr play.
The teeth of the molar series, which are in contact with each other, consist of two very small premolars and three broad molars, constructed generally like those of Camelus.
Strand woven is the hardest and most durable of the three types.
It is harvested from the living trees about once every ten years in an environmentally sustainable industry.
As of 2011, Cheetos are produced, marketed and distributed under three different PepsiCo operating divisions: PepsiCo Americas Foods ,
In this task subjects identify the orientation of a grooved surface presented in two different orientations, which can be applied manually or with automated equipment.
This may have been as a connecting sense between "lover" and "ruffian" as in "protector of a prostitute", which was one sense of "bully" .
Slide-in Entry is the slowest of the four entries.
The fuel was vaporized at high pressure and burned to heat the mantle, giving an output of over six times the luminosity of traditional oil lights.
The six major types of corn are dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, flour corn, and sweet corn.
The viola was popular in the heyday of five-part harmony, up until the eighteenth century, taking three lines of the harmony and occasionally playing the melody line.
These test banks may contain up to four thousand sample test questions that have been peer-reviewed and time-tested.
Fungi employ two mating systems: heterothallic species allow mating only between individuals of opposite mating type, whereas homothallic species can mate, and sexually reproduce, with any other individual or itself.
There are three ways to ask for the canter depart while on the flat, which may be used according to the horse's level of training.
Like thermodynamic work, heat transfer is a process involving more than one system, not a property of any one system.
Ten years later there were some two hundred YMCAs across the country, most of which provided gymnasia for exercise, games, and social interaction.
The Nursing and Midwifery Council insists on a minimum of 35 hours of education every three years, as part of its post registration education and practice requirements.
Calves are born after a gestation of nine months.
In other areas, hay is stacked loose, built around a central pole, a tree, or within an area of three or four poles to add stability to the stack.
A given mass of working fluid is accelerated in one direction and the craft moves in the opposite direction.
The three lower divisions of the SPFL — the Championship, League One and League Two — continue with the promotion/relegation play-off system their predecessor SFL leagues used .
Sponges were traditionally distributed in three classes: calcareous sponges , glass sponges and demosponges .
A single cycle sees energy taken by the working body from the hot reservoir and sent to the two other reservoirs, the work reservoir and the cold reservoir.
When pulled by a tractor , these mowers are often ganged into sets of three, five or more, to form a gang mower.
Perfect competition is the only market form in which price discrimination would be impossible .There are three forms of price discrimination.
Three-valve tubas are generally the least expensive and are almost exclusively used by amateurs, and the sousaphone almost always has three valves.
The bulb may contain a number of branched bulb units, each with two to three true scales and two to three leaf bases.
The two fell in love, and Matthew went with the mermaid to her home at Pendour Cove.
In late 1996, Freightliner produced its first bus chassis, expanding to four manufacturers for the first time since the exit of Dodge in 1977.
In 1976 there were serious salmonellosis outbreaks on four flights to and from Spain which caused 500 cases and 6 fatalities.
Reason, by this account, is not just one characteristic that humans happen to have, and that influences happiness amongst other characteristics.
Tension membrane design has depended upon computers, and the increasing availability of powerful computers resulted in many developments being made in the last three decades of the 20th century.
In the UK there are a number of British standards included in the three main ladder certifications relative to the particular ladder type.
Many types of trombone also include one or more rotary valves used to increase the length of the instrument by directing the air flow through additional tubing.
Much of the continent has just one species of rabbit, the tapeti, while most of South America's southern cone is without rabbits.
East African passports are recognised by only the five members, and are only used for travel between or among those countries.
One theory purports that the tradition arose in the Middle Ages when one manner of manifesting wealth was by the number of buttons one wore.
Competitive water skiing consists of three events: slalom, jump, and trick.
Where the differences between the four seasons are distinct, e.g. New Zealand, growth can occur in a discrete annual or seasonal pattern, leading to growth rings
These ingredients can be roughly grouped into four groups:Primary scents : Can consist of one or a few main ingredients for a certain concept, such as "rose".
Frogs and toads are broadly classified into three suborders: Archaeobatrachia, which includes four families of primitive frogs
In the United Kingdom, the native variety requires five years to mature and is protected by an Act of Parliament during the May-to-August spawning season.
In Managua, it is celebrated for two days.
Hamilton , Lin-Manuel Miranda’s musical inspired by Ron Chernow’s biography of the American founding father Alexander Hamilton, has three duels in it.
Northern Liberties, Southwark, and Spring Garden were among the ten largest municipalities by population in the United States.
Older cottages are typically modest, often semi-detached or terraced, with only four basic rooms , although subsequent modifications can create more spacious accommodation.
Such person is the governor of the municipality whose township elected him by direct vote for a term of four years.
A hand puppet is a puppet controlled by one hand, which occupies the interior of the puppet.
The beret fits snugly around the head, and can be "shaped" in a variety of ways – in the Americas it is commonly worn pushed to one side.
All three are associated with the stratiformis species of altocumulus and stratocumulus.
During major national and international events, men's singles consists of four runs.
From the upper rim of the receptacle are given off the five sepals, the five petals, and the very numerous stamens.
Girders often have an I-beam cross section composed of two load-bearing flanges separated by a stabilizing web, but may also have a box shape, Z shape, or other forms.
In only two Bantu languages does the verb-root "semba" mean "dance", while in others it denotes unrelated things like "hunger" or "cloth" .
The mosaic depicts four different amphora, one at each corner of the atrium, and bearing labels as follows:1.
The earliest unambiguous weapons to be found are the Schöningen spears, eight wooden throwing spears dating back more than 300,000 years.
An electron configuration with two unpaired electrons, as is found in dioxygen orbitals that are of equal energy—i.e.,
Another form is the throw-up, also known as a bombing, which is normally painted very quickly with two or three colors, sacrificing aesthetics for speed.
The same principle lies with dual carriageways with more than three lanes.
In some schools, particularly Tibetan Buddhism, the view is that there are three minds: very subtle mind, which does not disintegrate in death
The forefoot is composed of five toes and the corresponding five proximal long bones forming the metatarsus.
Two player games are called singles or "one-up" , while four player games are doubles with two pairs playing against each other .
It is a regular square prism in three orientations, and a trigonal trapezohedron in four orientations.
In one session of duty, lasting just two hours, they shot and killed eight Taliban.
In its "purest form", it "has three chords, a strong, insistent back beat, and a catchy melody".
Hand-dug wells are excavations with diameters large enough to accommodate one or more people with shovels digging down to below the water table.
On one foot, the skier wore a long straight non-arching ski for sliding, and a shorter ski was worn on the other foot for kicking.
A pair of scissors consists of two pivoted blades.
Combustion problems typically occur within five days to seven days of baling.
Gagliano and colleagues constructed a classical conditioning test in which pea seedlings were divided into two experimental categories and placed in Y-shaped tubes.
A mayor is elected every four years by direct popular votes held separately from the assembly.
The Wizard commands Dorothy and her three traveling companions to bring the Wicked Witch's broomstick to him in order to grant their wishes.
A "contiguous zone" extending a further 12 nautical miles allows for hot pursuit of vessels suspected of infringing laws in four specific areas: customs, taxation, immigration and pollution.
That year, the top ten marine capture species also included Alaska pollock, Blue whiting, Skipjack tuna, Atlantic herring, Chub mackerel, Japanese anchovy, Chilean jack mackerel, Largehead hairtail, and Yellowfin tuna.
For efficient handling and laying, bricks must be small enough and light enough to be picked up by the bricklayer using one hand .
If the traffic density at school crossing times exceeds one per minute which is considered to provide too few gaps in the traffic for children to safely cross the street.
At the largest airports, air traffic control is a series of highly complex operations that requires managing frequent traffic that moves in all three dimensions.
While in the U.S. he discovered breakdancing and ended up meeting breaker Crazy Legs who personally mentored him for the four years that followed.
They won the first three games, with goaltender McCool recording consecutive shutouts.
Alloys specially designed for highly demanding applications, such as jet engines, may contain more than ten elements.
According to the Jewish Encyclopedia, "In Chaldean mythology the seven evil deities were known as shedu, storm-demons, represented in ox-like form."
The three karate fighters from Oyama dojo went to the Lumpinee Boxing Stadium in Thailand and fought against three Muay Thai fighters.
The biological cause for an organism developing into one sex or the other is called sex determination.
Agent provocateur: instigates trouble or provides information to gather as many people as possible into one location for an arrest.
In the four Grand Slam tournaments, the singles draws are limited to 128 players for each gender.
In China, this tradition mixed with Buddhist beliefs, assigning each of the nine words to a Buddhist deity.
In Nigeria, education is classified into four system known as a 6-3-3-4 system of education.
The last type are more versatile and can adapt to virtually any boot or shoe, but often do not fit as precisely as the other two types.
The initiative encompasses nine formal mentoring programs, some enterprise-wide and some limited to specific business segments and functions.
The two whorls represent three petals and three sepals, but are termed tepals because they are nearly identical.
Speed limit is typically 100 km/h for routes with four or more lanes, while some sections having fewer curves have limit of 110 km/h .
Bụt gave to him four magic words to attach the many nodes of bamboo: Khắc nhập, khắc xuất, which means "joined together immediately, fell apart immediately".
There are, by conventional classification, three types of material involved in building a fire without manufactured fuels or modern conveniences such as lighters.
The Lego Group estimates that in five decades it has produced 400 billion Lego blocks.
Reported lethal doses are anywhere from two to eight seeds,though only a few deaths have been reported when castor beans have been ingested by animals.
In 1914, an assembly line worker could buy a Model T with four months' pay.
Frogs have three eyelid membranes: one is transparent to protect the eyes underwater, and two vary from translucent to opaque.
The 'Trio' usually has an 'Intrada' to form a break between the two sections.
Rose plants range in size from compact, miniature roses, to climbers that can reach seven meters in height.
This lets a pianist reach two octaves with one hand, impossible on a conventional piano.
California statutes recognize three kinds of "common interest developments": condominium, townhouse, and community apartment, with the latter being the owned-in-common concept described above.
After coming to the monastery and living as a guest for not less than three days, the revered abbot or abbess may bless the candidate to become a novice.
Typically, this results when one twin has either triploidy or complete paternal uniparental disomy, resulting in little or no fetus and a cancerous, overgrown placenta, resembling a bunch of grapes.
Agriculture has comprised 4% of the economy over the last two decades, while industry contributes 33% and services contribute 63%.
Nevertheless, 17 births have been recorded in five prides between 2007 and 2015.
For example, the finest Japanese swords were routinely made of up to seven sections of metals and even poorer quality swords were often made of two.
Naismith himself later coached at the University of Kansas for six years, before handing the reins to renowned coach Forrest "Phog" Allen.
Mixing all three primary colours together produces a dark grey.
They seldom house more than four adults and six to eight juveniles.
Generally, mittens still separate the thumb from the other four fingers.
IFAB recommends "that a match should not continue if there are fewer than seven players in either team."
Hunt defines that "two colors are complementary when it is possible to reproduce the tristimulus values of a specified achromatic stimulus by an additive mixture of these two stimuli."
Hydrostatic pressure testing for all types of extinguishers is also required, generally every five years for water and CO2 models up to every 12 years for dry chemical models.
In some English High Schools, as well as in most French schools, high school students will refer to secondary 1-5 as year one through five.
The 2011 film Freerunner is about eight freerunners racing through a city for survival.
Over 2,000 barrel racers compete for nearly four million dollars annually.
In this system the two tones for any one side of the connection are sent at similar frequencies as in the 300 bit/s systems, but slightly out of phase.
This greatly increases the push from one stroke, but also makes recovery more difficult.
In the United States and Canada, several expressways have a special lane that can only be used by cars carrying two or more people.
Mammals, in general, are diphyodont, meaning that they develop two sets of teeth.
The chromosomes include four acrocentric, five metacentric, seven submetacentric and two telocentric pairs.
Historian Peter Earle has described the two sides of the Christian-Muslim Mediterranean conflict as "mirror image of maritime predation, two businesslike fleets of plunderers set against each other".
The customary review cycle for established accredited programs is six years, whereas for programs achieving their initial accreditation this cycle is two years.
These enzymes catalyze the reversible redox reaction between H2 and its component two protons and two electrons.
The change in internal energy to reach the state Y from the state O is the difference of the two amounts of energy transferred.
If there are two holes, the second hole forms later.
While such single supporters are generally eagles with one or two heads, there are other examples, including the cathedra in the case of some Canadian cathedrals.
The end of the short would reunite the three to share the fruits of their efforts, failure more often than success.
The ear develops from the first pharyngeal pouch and six small swellings that develop in the early embryo called otic placodes, which are derived from ectoderm.
To date, there have been four children's shows revolving around anthropomorphic tugboats.
Traffic guards are commonly used to control traffic when two way roads are reduced to one lane, and traffic must alternate.
The Sumerians had a lighter, two-wheeled type of cart, pulled by four asses, and with solid wheels.
The Chongzhen Emperor of China issued an edict banning smoking two years before his death and the overthrow of the Ming dynasty.
A bi-fold brochure results in four panels , while a tri-fold results in six panels .Other brochure fold arrangements are possible: the accordion or "z-fold" method, the "c-fold" method, etc.
Similarly, the 2005 civil unrest in France lasted over three weeks and spread to nearly 300 towns.
The heart has four valves, which separate its chambers and ensures blood flows in the correct direction through the heart .
In 1926, Henry Ford standardized on a five-day workweek, instead of the prevalent six days, without reducing employees' pay.
This allows a skilled operator to control all four functions simultaneously.
That is, when two colored lights can be mixed to match a specified white light, the colors of those two lights are complementary.
This happens because the orbitals of those two electrons do not point toward neighboring atoms in the lattice, and therefore are not involved in metallic bonding.
The light of the Moon was thought to worsen the symptoms of lunatics, and to sleep in moonlight could make one blind, or mad.
The hind feet have four long toes that allow for this and are webbed to prevent them from spreading when hopping.
After a confused trial, five jury members of a total of nine voted to acquit and the judge ordered the accused set free.
It is designed for takeoff from the ground using four undercarriage wheels on the front of his chest and abdomen.
Generally speaking, there are two kinds of models to mimic the bottom-up salience mechanism in static images.
In 1998, near the same location, three researchers sighted a pack consisting of four adult and three sub-adult wolves and one striped hyena.
Sometimes two elevators are built so that their cars always move synchronously in opposite directions, and are each other's counterweight.
Friedrich Heiler is often cited in Christian circles for his systematic Typology of Prayer which lists six types of prayer: primitive, ritual, Greek cultural, philosophical, mystical, and prophetic.
As such, only Antwerp, having over 460,000 inhabitants, became subdivided into nine districts .
Another copepod, Copilia, has two lenses in each eye, arranged like those in a telescope.
In Belgium, all three official languages appear on the cover, in addition to English on the main page.
Two year programs are referred to as college diplomas, while three year programs are called Ontario College Advanced Diplomas.
Richard Wollheim distinguishes three approaches to assessing the aesthetic value of art: the Realist, whereby aesthetic quality is an absolute value independent of any human view
Five months after the payment, the guerrillas killed another Ford executive and his three bodyguards.
A field goal in arena football scores three points, unless it is drop kicked, in which case it scores four points.
A floret consists of the flower surrounded by two bracts, one external—the lemma—and one internal—the palea.
Finally one greets the teacher, and then the other students, or the other guests, with bows.
In the degenerate case of a zero rotation angle, the rotation matrix is the identity, and all three eigenvalues are 1 .
Insert the blade, with moderate force and vibration if necessary, at the hinge between the two valves.
The buckle essentially consists of four main components: the frame, chape, bar, and prong.
In this way, Earth's atmosphere can be divided into five main layers.
Mimicry between prey species and their predators often involves three or more species.
Many implementations are, in fact, hybrids of these last three designs.
The exclusively male actors in the theatre of ancient Greece performed in three types of drama: tragedy, comedy, and the satyr play.
After two to three days there are significant effects.
Although in the past some three-button jackets were cut so that all three could be fastened without distorting the drape, this is not the case.
Jim Corbett's 1944 Man-Eaters of Kumaon tells ten true stories of his tiger-hunting exploits in what is now the northern Uttarakhand region of India.
There are two types of sleep: REM sleep and NREM sleep, which repeat in slightly varying patterns throughout a sleep episode.
The casks, or butts, are filled five-sixths full, leaving "the space of two fists" empty at the top to allow flor to develop on top of the wine.
The standard Baroque oboe is generally made of boxwood and has three keys: a "great" key and two side keys .
It is mandatory for leading players to enter at least four 500 events, including at least one after the US Open.
A volute is said to be right or left-handed depending on which side of the stairs the handrail is as one faces up the stairs.
If the player has six cards totaling 20, he automatically wins.
The trips by paddle wheel steamship to Panama and Nicaragua from New York, Philadelphia, Boston, via New Orleans and Havana were about 2,600 miles long and took about two weeks.
However, most players specialize in offense or defense, so usually all five runners substitute for teammates as their team transitions between offense and defense.
A gymnast can perform up to four tumbling passes, each of which usually includes at least one flight element without hand support.
Historically, the rank of sergeant was severely downgraded after unification of the three services in 1968.
In traditional glove puppetry often one puppeteer will operate two puppets at a time out of a cast of several.
Alphabet, Google’s parent company, made a profit of $2.5 billion in the first six weeks of 2017 alone.
From the league's inception through the 2008–09 season, the top four teams advanced to the finals series, employed using a modified Page playoff system.
Muffled or mute tone : like the open tone, is made by striking the drum with the four fingers, but holding the fingers against the head to muffle the tone.
The band then decided to invite Brainard as their second guitarist, bringing their lineup to six members.
Recipes that use steam as the primary leavening method may have a liquid content in excess of one part liquid to one part flour.
While pastas are, most typically, made from unleavened doughs, the use of yeast-raised doughs are also known for at least nine different pasta forms.
The book was a best seller amongst Frenchwomen, and four years later de Rumigny opened a school for hairdressers: Academie de Coiffure.
Nubian pyramids were constructed at three sites in Sudan to serve as tombs for the kings and queens of Napata and Meroë.
Since 1996, only eight subspecies have been considered valid on the basis of mitochondrial analysis.
In April 2009, budget cuts led to MIT eliminating eight of its 41 sports, including the mixed men's and women's teams in alpine skiing and pistol
There are, however, three main categories of skatepark design: bowl, street plaza and flow parks.
A full baseball game typically is scheduled for nine innings, while softball games consist of seven innings
The machete is passed from couple to couple as each strikes the tree three times.
The vat was stirred two or three times a day to ensure the solution's deep and uniform penetration.
In the six runnings of the Epsom Derby between 2008 and 2013, Irish horses filled 20 of the first 30 placings, winning the race 5 times.
Similarly, lines associated with a triangle are often constructed by proving that three symmetrically constructed points are collinear: here Menelaus' theorem gives a useful general criterion.
Leaded gasoline was withdrawn from sale in Britain after 31 December 1999, seven years after EEC regulations signaled the end of production for cars using leaded gasoline in member states.
Most definitions of cars say that they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four tires, and mainly transport people rather than goods.
The remaining three points for which it is named are the midpoints of the portion of altitude between the vertices and the orthocenter.
Of the nine alkaloid ring types identified in the family, Narcissus species most commonly demonstrate the presence of alkaloids from within the Lycorine and Homolycorine groups.
One half is the irreducible fraction resulting from dividing one by two or the fraction resulting from dividing any number by its double.
It is empire in which its two main components—the ruling core and the ruled periphery—merged to form one integrated whole.
Victor's attempted excommunication was apparently rescinded, and the two sides reconciled upon the intervention of bishop Irenaeus and others, who reminded Victor of the tolerant precedent of Anicetus.
The Columbia Plateau experiences this phenomenon most years due to temperature inversions, sometimes lasting for as long as three weeks.
The events are divided into two basic categories: the rough stock events and the timed events.
Hamsters are rodents belonging to the subfamily Cricetinae, which contains 18 species classified in seven genera.
His design consisted of a two triangles of fabric forming a bra, and two triangular pieces of fabric covering the mons pubis and the buttocks connected by string.
Perón had mixed success in expanding the country's inadequate electric grid, which grew by only one fourth during his tenure.
Both were made with locally developed sound-on-film systems, two of the two hundred or so movie sound systems then available somewhere in the world.
In the upper part of the engine the exhaust was divided and entered two pipes which led to jet nozzles.
Ice hockey is played in three periods of twenty minutes with eighteen-minute intermissions between regulation periods.
Rabbis of the Talmud also condemned magic when it produced something other than illusion, giving the example of two men who use magic to pick cucumbers .
All three belong to the genus Equus, along with other living equids.
On the concourse behind the left-field bleachers lie massive sculptures of an old Coca-Cola bottle and a vintage baseball glove with only four fingers.
Molecular fossils and isotope ratios represent two types of chemical fossils.
The contrabass, double contrabass, and hyperbass are other rare forms of the flute pitched two, three, and four octaves below middle C respectively.
The president had Luis Gay expelled from the CGT three months later, and replaced him with José Espejo, a little-known rank-and-filer who was close to the first lady.
Estimates on the required time for cigarette butts to break down vary, ranging from five years to 400 years for complete degradation.
There are currently three eras defined in the Phanerozoic
There are two main kinds of freight, bulk cargo and break bulk or general cargo, most of which is now transported in containers.
Shotgun-rifle combination guns with two, three, and occasionally even four barrels are available from a number of makers, primarily European.
On a weekend in May, eight tugboats perform choreographed movements for about an hour to the tunes of waltz and other sorts of dance music.
Japan has nine forest ecoregions which reflect the climate and geography of the islands.
These are produced for six months to five years, rarely longer.
The award-winning 2007 documentary "Inside the Circle" goes into the personal stories of three b-boys and their struggle to keep dance at the center of their lives.
Most rounds have two races and are support races to the FIA World Touring Car Championship.
In Antarctica, for example, the annual precipitation is about 50 mm on the central plateau and some ten times that amount on some major peninsulas.
Horse racing is an equestrian performance sport, typically involving two or more horses ridden by jockeys over a set distance, for competition.
The vanilla flower lasts about one day, sometimes less, so growers have to inspect their plantations every day for open flowers, a labor-intensive task.
The pellets remain intact for up to six hours in the stomach
One to two months of use is typically adequate to see improvement.
The term Middler is used to describe a third-year student of a school that offers five years of study.
In the 1826 General Election, there were nine people eligible to vote due to their freehold interests in Amble, of which six actually lived there
Though first performed on the piano, the piece was composed for any instrument or instruments and is structured in three movements.
These two goals avoided Cold War entanglements from choosing between capitalism and socialism, but he had no concrete means to achieve those goals.
The first two tournaments were co-hosted by Universiti Kuala Lumpur .
There are two main types, one producing coloured smoke for signaling, and the other is used for screening smoke.
The trend in hardware design converged on the most common implementation of using eight bits per byte, as it is widely used today.
Cubs are born with closed eyes, which open four to nine days after birth.
A flowering plant whose embryo has two or more cotyledons .
Apple sold 6.1 million first generation iPhone units over five quarters.
Animation as an art and industry continues to thrive as of the early-2020s because well-made animated projects can find audiences across borders and in all four quadrants.
The celebration lasts one week and ends on the day before Ash Wednesday.
In Jewish weddings during Talmudic times , the two ceremonies of betrothal and wedding usually took place up to a year apart
Slightly more complex hardwood block pallets, plastic pallets and metal pallets can be lifted from all four sides.
There are currently three main types of dumbbell:Adjustable dumbbells consist of a metal bar whose centre portion is often engraved with a crosshatch pattern to improve grip.
In this way, two officials meeting unexpectedly on the road would know before the meeting which of them should bow down before the other.
There are three levels of apprenticeship available spanning 2–6 years of progression.
In 1845, three boys at Rugby school were tasked with codifying the rules then being used at the school.
Chickens will naturally live for six or more years, but broiler breeds typically take less than six weeks to reach slaughter size.
Rhythm is very important in limericks for the first, second and fifth lines must have seven to ten syllables.
Owls are divided into two families: the true owl family, Strigidae, and the barn-owl family, Tytonidae.
Recumbent trikes often brake one wheel with each hand, allowing the rider to brake one side alone to pull the trike in that direction.
In fast production processes, vinegar may be produced in one to three days.
Another hypothesis held that the four prototypes originated from a single wild species and that all different body types were entirely a result of selective breeding after domestication.
It classified disorders and terrorism into six categories:Civil disorder – A form of collective violence interfering with the peace, security, and normal functioning of the community.
Within five years, annual production had accelerated to tens of thousands.
This production cycle usually takes three years.
Held every two to three years.
Carl Benjamin had a total of four milkshakes thrown at him that week.
Teams are organized into two divisions and various leagues.
In Scenario 2, assume all three candidates are eligible.
The mihrab serves as the location where the imam leads the five daily prayers on a regular basis.
The ship carried 16 lifeboat davits which could lower three lifeboats each, for a total of 48 boats.
The four main weaves for shirtings are plain weave, oxford, twill and satin.
The living species fall into three categories.
About six hundred species of plants and animals were cultured, some for use in seeding wild populations.
In the case of the Olympic-class ships, a cost of £3 million for the first two ships was agreed plus "extras to contract" and the usual five percent fee.
Germination is slow, taking four to six weeks, and it often is difficult because of furanocoumarins in its seed coat.
Skatopia – Anarchist Skatepark in Rutland, OhioStockwell Skatepark – South London, UKTurf Skatepark – Built in 1979, included five concrete pools in an indoor/outdoor facility in Milwaukee, Wisconsin .
In secondary schools they will be taught by different subject specialists each session during the week and may have ten or more different teachers.
The two tunnels are effectively one on the same centre line and are regarded as one.
It was contested among ten teams from Australia and New Zealand.
Members may personally decide whether they will accept medical procedures that involve their own blood or substances that are further fractionated from the four major components.
Self-determination theory relates intrinsic motivation to three needs: competence, autonomy, and relatedness.
In inorganic chemistry, hydrides can also serve as bridging ligands that link two metal centers in a coordination complex.
Onychonycteris had claws on all five of its fingers, whereas modern bats have at most two claws on two digits of each hand.
This arrangement is also seen in the abdomen but only in the first eight segments.
The clutch of up to eight eggs is incubated by both parents typically for 12–14 days, with another 14–24 more days to fledging.
There are two types of stance-direction used by snowboarders.
Under certain conditions, dependent on the soil texture, intensity of drying, and initial amount of exchangeable potassium, the fixed percentage may be as much as 90 percent within ten minutes.
These are popular for two reasons
The two major trends are theistic Satanism and atheistic Satanism
Pre-WW2, kimono were commonly worn layered, with three being the standard number of layers worn over the top of undergarments.
The head typically has a set of three handles radiating from a central hub that are turned to move the spindle and chuck vertically.
The three pyramids of Moody Gardens in Galveston, Texas.
During a typical lifespan, a person spends a total of about six years dreaming .
Ceiling-mounted faucets—Ceiling-mounted shower-faucets are typically rain-drop shower-heads mounted in one shower ceiling.
Newlyweds: The First Year, an American reality documentary television series that premiered on Bravo in 2013, tracking the married life of four recently wed couples.
The barge that carried it had a huge mast of fir wood which four men's arms could not encircle.
Unlike the belief in angels, belief in demons is not obligated by the six articles of Islamic faith.
Pearls come in eight basic shapes: round, semi-round, button, drop, pear, oval, baroque, circled and double bouldered.
More recent breeds, such as the dwarf cashew trees, are up to 6 m tall, and start producing after the first year, with economic yields after three years.
Slipper tubs – where one end is raised and sloped creating a more comfortable lounging position.
There are two to three rods per cone in the fovea centralis but five to six near the optic papilla.
All four halides are known for Sn also: SnF2, SnCl2, SnBr2, and SnI2.
As of 2013, the most stable atomic clocks are ytterbium clocks, which are stable to within less than two parts in 1 quintillion .
When it has access to water, a giraffe drinks at intervals no longer than three days.
The 6–2 lineup thus requires two setters, who line up opposite to each other in the rotation.
The Japanese theorem for cyclic quadrilaterals states that the incentres of the four triangles determined by the vertices of a cyclic quadrilateral taken three at a time form a rectangle.
In all three traditions, a canon was originally a rule adopted by a church council
Bodybuilders use three main strategies to maximize muscle hypertrophy:Strength training through weights or elastic/hydraulic resistance.
The dome mosaic is similar to that of the Cappella Palatina, with Christ enthroned in the middle and four bowed, elongated angels.
The canter is a three-beat gait, meaning that there are three hoofbeats heard per stride.
He also wrote "The Infant System, for developing the physical, intellectual, and moral powers off all children from one to seven years of age".
One individual with seven fingers not only used them but claimed that they "gave him some advantages in playing the piano".
He offered a list of ten rights associated with marriage, including sexual monopoly and rights with respect to children, with specific rights differing across cultures.
Drum kit music is either written down in music notation , learned and played by ear, improvised, or some combination of some or all three of these methods.
About 15% of children were found to be chronically friendless, reporting periods without mutual friends at least six months.
They were the ancestors of modern gymnosperms, of which four surviving groups are widespread today, particularly the conifers, which are dominant trees in several biomes.
By the autumn of their second year, females can produce one and, very rarely, two offspring, although reproduction is most common when cows weigh at least 200 kilograms .
The inside of a cube, a cylinder or a sphere is three-dimensional because three coordinates are needed to locate a point within these spaces.
Specifically, they require two to three times the concentration to extinguish a fire compared with Halon 1211.
There were three sergeant ranks in France, although the most junior, contract sergeant, has been superseded by student sub-officer now that conscription has been suspended.
The Neobatrachia suborder is further divided into the two superfamilies Hyloidea and Ranoidea.
For if ... it lasts for two hundred years that is a long time."
In one year, a female hawk will lay about five eggs.
Sakamoto also stuck with four bright principle colors, red, yellow, green, and blue, only having to tune the green color for better harmony across the logo.
DJs used the crossfader to mix two or more sound sources.
Within six years pulled rickshaws were outnumbered by cycle rickshaws, which were also used by sightseeing tourists.
The hippopotamus inhabits rivers, lakes and mangrove swamps, where territorial bulls preside over a stretch of river and groups of five to thirty cows and young.
Concealers also work for contouring if you use a concealer that is two shades darker.
The rubber particle is an enzymatically active entity that contains three layers of material, the rubber particle, a biomembrane and free monomeric units.
Since then the last four have all been subsumed into a single phylum, the Chordata, while his Insecta and Vermes have been renamed or broken up.
Drums are usually played by striking with the hand, or with one or two sticks with or without padding.
Aircraft grade plywood, often Baltic birch, is made from three or more plies of birch, as thin as 1⁄64 inch thick in total, and is extremely strong and light.
Strips begun during the mid-1980s or after are known for their heavy use of storylines, lasting between one and three weeks in most cases.
Early aerial censuses of Pacific walrus conducted at five-year intervals between 1975 and 1985 estimated populations of above 220,000 in each of the three surveys.
Cork floors are considered to be eco-friendly since the cork oak tree bark is stripped every nine to ten years and doesn't damage the tree.
Certain characters who are presented as homosexual or transgender in one continuity may not be presented as such in others, particularly with dubbed versions made for international release.
The electoral threshold is ten percent of the votes.
In three to seven years, the oyster can produce a perfect pearl.
Cannibalization is a particular challenge with a multi-brand strategy approach, in which the new brand takes business away from an established one which the organization also owns.
There is never more than one "plate umpire"
The number of these segments does vary from species to species with the number of segments visible reduced to only seven in the common honeybee.
Ten-pin balls are large, up to 27 inches in circumference and approximately 8.59 inches in diameter, and have as many as twelve holes, typically three holes.
The Government decided that nationalization was necessary and ordered five aviation companies to merge to form the state-owned Imperial Airways of London .
There are three major television companies in Mexico that own the primary networks and broadcast covering all nation, Televisa, TV Azteca and Imagen Television.
A system developed in Germany called "Kuhlo wire" used one, two, or three rubber-insulated wires in a brass or lead-coated iron sheet tube, with a crimped seam.
For some two centuries the Jains remained a small community of monks and followers.
Speech balloons themselves are strongly associated with comics, such that the addition of one to an image is sufficient to turn the image into comics.
This means that the position calculated from three satellites alone is unlikely to be accurate enough.
When crop rotations are managed so that clover does not recur at intervals shorter than eight years, it grows with much of its pristine vigor.
According to Hindu dharmic tradition, most girls and some boys get their ears pierced as part of a Dharmic rite known as Karnavedha before they are about five years old.
Playing all seven tiles is officially called a "bingo" in North America and a "bonus" elsewhere.
Under favorable winds the sails alone were able to provide a speed of at least four knots.
In Pattaya alone, there are three active polo clubs: Polo Escape, Siam Polo Park and the Thai Polo and Equestrian Club.
Fungi, bacteria and viruses attack cacti, the first two particularly when plants are over-watered.
Domestic kittens in developed societies are usually vaccinated against common illnesses from two to three months of age.
Volume is increased when the mechanism of the instrument is set up by the player so that the press of a single key plucks more than one string.
On the chest, a Rottweiler will have two downward-facing triangular marks.
The use of rubber was developed by Robert Keating, who pitched one game for the 1887 Baltimore Orioles.
Since then the two artists have drawn more than 20,000 pyroportraits.
The US Department of Agriculture recommends using at least one beehive per acre for pollination of conventional, seeded varieties for commercial plantings.
If on a tag play, the fielder loses control of the ball and it leaves the field of play, one base is awarded.
The first of the two ships, "MF Gloppefjord", was put into operation in January 2018.
In addition, as ants and termites build mounds, they transport soil materials from one horizon to another.
The Beggar's Opera is a ballad opera in three acts written in 1728 by John Gay.
The female buckle member has a front open side and two side holes which hold and secure the two spring arms of the male buckle member.
In 2019, China approved nine non-animal testing methods, and announced that by 2020 laws making animal testing compulsory would be lifted.
The reason is that the three green marbles will split the votes of those who prefer green.
Another current popular approach that is based on the bel canto model is to divide both men and women's voices into three registers.
Both channels may be viewed simultaneously by using light-polarizing filters 90 degrees off-axis from each other on two video projectors.
Author Robert Neuwirth suggested in 2004 that there were one billion squatters globally.
If one lost one's home as well, one became a vagrant
Of 169 kittens, 127 died before they were six months old due to a trauma caused in most cases by dog attacks and road accidents.
Although the Japanese sank a cruiser, they lost two destroyers and were able to deliver only 850 troops.
The gain of each stage adds linearly to the output rather than multiplies one on the other as in a cascade configuration.
A tubercle of rib on the posterior surface of the neck of the rib, has two facets one articulating and one non-articulating.
There are three categories of hand movements.
Classification systems based on molecular studies reveal three major groups or lineages of placental mammals—Afrotheria, Xenarthra and Boreoeutheria—which diverged in the Cretaceous.
The most widely accepted theory offers the name of three inventors, and gives 1869 as the date of invention.
The term "particle" is usually applied differently to three classes of sizes.
In 1940, rifle squad leaders, who had been corporals, became sergeants , with three squads/sergeants per rifle platoon.
These long-term strategic periods usually encompass five or more years.
Pointing is typically defined as having either three or four essential elements:Extension of the index finger
Hence, one always knew how far one was from Rome.
When two rain showers with different-sized raindrops combine, they each produce slightly different rainbows which may combine and form a twinned rainbow.
To avoid a lengthy patent fight the two companies agreed to share their formulas.
By 1960, the Franks had sold seven motorhomes, and decided to open Frank Motor Homes, Inc. the next year.
Any symbolism has been added later to the three colours, although the orange comes from the House of Orange-Nassau.
Instant color film, used in a special camera which yielded a unique finished color print only a minute or two after the exposure, was introduced by Polaroid in 1963.
The location of a political ideology on the triangle is a function of its preference for the three values.
In the northeastern state of Assam, three different types of silk are produced, collectively called Assam silk: Muga, Eri and Pat silk.
There are two configurations of an inboard, V-drive and direct drive.
It is fashioned of lacquered bamboo with closed ends and has five stops that are at the flute's side instead of the top.
Some schools in the United States, notably Boston Latin School, may divide the year into five or more marking periods.
Mountain gorilla food is widely distributed and neither individuals nor groups have to compete with one another.
The two polymers can react with one another by transamidation to form random copolymers.
The condition usually resolves by itself within two years.
It will keep for seven years.
The sons later elected him king and the descendants of the ten sons became the Ailaoyi people, who tattooed dragons on their backs in honor of their ancestor.
A more recent system distinguishes five classes: morphological, physiological, morphophysiological, physical, and combinational dormancy.
Smoke particulates, like other aerosols, are categorized into three modes based on particle size:nuclei mode, with geometric mean radius between 2.5–20 nm, likely forming by condensation of carbon moieties.
The walls enclosed all the seven hills of Rome plus the Campus Martius and, on the right bank of the Tiber, the Trastevere district.
Signs themselves can be considered in terms of four inter-dependent levels, layers or branches of semiotics: pragmatics, semantics, syntax, and empirics.
Every youth was required to serve as a soldier in these recruitment districts for three months each year
Meanwhile, Warner Bros. had released three more talkies, all profitable, if not at the level of The Jazz Singer: In March, Tenderloin appeared
During rapid and forceful flexion all three muscles are brought into action assisted by the superficial forearm flexors originating at the medial side of the elbow.
The hourglass shape comprises two upper bouts, two lower bouts, and two concave C-bouts at the waist, providing clearance for the bow.
Both of these types of snake whips are made with a leather shot bag running approximately three quarters of the length of the whip.
When one side is in toe-off/propulsion, the other hand is in the swing/recovery phase preparing for footstrike.
Often slaves were used against one another in a circle marked on the floor.
Sometimes cultures developed two main types of saw teeth: the cross cut saw teeth and the rip saw teeth.
After each Clausura, the team with the lowest points-per-game total for the previous six tournaments is relegated to Ascenso MX to be replaced by that league's champion .
In 2008 three deaths were attributed to the devices, which can be ignited accidentally by heat or friction.
In a tournament, skiers are given three attempts to hit the ramp.
No other combination of three tones in the chromatic scale satisfies these criteria.
The three major polo tournaments in Argentina, known as "Triple Corona" , are Hurlingham Polo Open, Tortugas Polo Open and Palermo Polo Open.
The combined stylus motion is, in terms of the vector, the sum and difference of the two stereo channels.
Soil colour is often the first impression one has when viewing soil.
Also known as tandem anchoring, in this technique two anchors are deployed in line with each other, on the same rode.
Using four AA-size cells the LE-120A measures 4.9 by 2.8 by 0.9 inches .
As Scoot continues to take deliveries of the Boeing 787, the airline has phased out all six of its aging Boeing 777 aircraft acquired from Singapore Airlines.
There are four main ones:design/builddesign/build/operate/maintaindesign/build/finance/operatebuild/own/operateSociety depends heavily on efficient roads.
In addition to these four tools, desk pads and paperweights are also used.
For aquatinting a printmaker will often use a test strip of metal about a centimetre to three centimetres wide.
The two long tentacles are used to grab prey and the eight arms to hold and control it.
Explosive call – At the age of about one month, the kits can emit an explosive call which is intended to be threatening to intruders or other cubs
Researchers at the Australian Animal Health Laboratories in Geelong detected a virus called the Wallal virus in two species of midges, believed to have been the carriers.
The German Strafgesetzbuch § 241 punishes the crime of threat with a prison term for up to one year or a fine.
The traditional application of stucco and lath occurs in three coats — the scratch coat, the brown coat and the finish coat.
German professional golfer Bernhard Langer is famous for having such a severe case that he once needed four putts to hole out from within three feet of the cup.
There are also more exotic varieties, such as guitars with two, three, or rarely four necks, all manner of alternate string arrangements, fretless fingerboards , 5.1 surround guitar, and such.
For example, the number 12000 has two significant digits, and has implied limits of 11500 and 12500.
Half of the last six wrestlers promoted to ōzeki have been foreign-born, and a Japanese had not been named yokozuna from 1998 until the promotion of Kisenosato Yutaka in 2017.
Each player draws seven dominoes, and the dominoes are played into tricks.
In these species, the penis is simply one or two projections on underneath the third body segment that produce a spermatophore or sperm packet.
The pups attain adult dimensions at eight months, and gain adult weight a month later.
Other areas may have a mix of the two systems, where drivers may respond to radio calls and also pick up street fares.
The fireplace was typically on the floor, placed at a wall—sometimes raised a little bit—such that one had to kneel to cook.
The freezing process takes about two days.
They persist in three protected areas in the region, mostly in one population in the W A P protected area complex, shared by Benin, Burkina Faso and Niger.
Friedrich Nietzsche distinguishes two different purposes for the use of laughter.
Those randomly assigned to the stress test group had a hand immersed in ice cold water for up to three minutes, while being monitored and videotaped.
Racquetball Canada matches are also the best of three format, but require a winning margin of at least two points.
In 1956, D.M.S. Watson observed that the first two groups diverged very early in reptilian history, so he divided Goodrich's Protosauria between them.
Even two instrumentalists playing the same note on the same instrument may sound different due to different ways of playing the instrument .
They estimate receiving ten requests per week for assistance from additional orphanages and children's homes, but some of these are repeat requests.
On 14 April, four days into the crossing and about 375 miles south of Newfoundland, she hit an iceberg at 11:40 p.m. ship's time.
It had a significantly shorter hemline measuring as much as six inches off the ground and would eventually influence the wider introduction of shorter hemlines in the early 20th century.
Another British force of two cruisers and two destroyers were in the area.
All three of the Olympic-class ships had ten decks , eight of which were for passenger use.
The vervet monkey gives a distinct alarm call for each of at least four different predators, and the reactions of other monkeys vary according to the call.
The fashion industry consists of four levels:the production of raw materials, principally fibers, and textiles but also leather and fur.
The enclosed cabin could carry four passengers with an extra seat in the cockpit.
The distinction between a worm and a helical gear is that at least one tooth persists for a full rotation around the helix.
Genetic evidence indicates that megabats originated during the early Eocene, and belong within the four major lines of microbats.
It was only five floors high.
Three outs in one play, a triple play, is possible, though rare.
A lance-sergeant wears three chevrons and belongs to the sergeants' mess, however, functionally he remains a corporal rather than an acting sergeant .
The party officially takes six days, but can continue for more than that.
Similarly, the two low waters each day are the higher low water and the lower low water.
Where the Americas are viewed as a single continent , it is divided into two subcontinents or three .
By the early 13th century, the two most successful such shops in Kaifeng had "upwards of fifty ovens".
A month later she was moved up to seven furlongs and recorded her first win in a maiden at Kempton Park.
A cuadrilla is made up of a teneur de corde, an entraîneur, a sauteur, and six écarteurs.
Sustainable pest management is based on four principles: biodiversity, host plant resistance , landscape ecology, and hierarchies in a landscape—from biological to social.
The range for the Classical oboe extends from C4 to F6 , though some German and Austrian oboes are capable of playing one half-step lower.
Camping can be enjoyed through all four seasons.
The bottom five teams play their own home-and-away league, but their previous results do carry over.
Currently IFSA has defined three disciplines which must be offered by any competition they sanction: freestyle slalom, speed slalom, and free jump.
Common abnormalities include those that affect the heart muscle that separates the two side of the heart .
Roads consist of one or two roadways , each with one or more lanes and any associated sidewalks and road verges.
Another indoor sport, basketball, was catching on in the area, having been invented just ten miles away in the city of Springfield, Massachusetts, only four years before.
The two main ways cocaine is smoked are freebasing and by using cocaine which has been converted to smokable "crack cocaine".
Twenty surveys were analyzed, providing results for 6,743 adult refugees from seven countries.
In early 1998, Slipknot produced a second demo featuring five tracks exclusively for record labels.
The ultra-fine variety has grain size of about 0.060 mm, that is about ten times smaller than granulated sugar.
As discussed above, every triangle has a unique inscribed circle that is interior to the triangle and tangent to all three sides.
Alopecia areata is an autoimmune disorder also known as "spot baldness" that can result in hair loss ranging from just one location to every hair on the entire body .
The goalkeeper must keep a distance of three metres , which is marked by a short tick on the floor.
In the Epic of Gilgamesh, priestess Shamhat, a temple prostitute, tamed wild Enkidu after "six days and seven nights."
The six hoops are arranged three at each end of the court, with a centre peg.
In 1897 four bronze horseshoes with what are apparently nail holes were found in an Etruscan tomb dated around 400 BC.
The SECOR system included three ground-based transmitters at known locations that would send signals to the satellite transponder in orbit.
They usually have a bus, or modified bus, body and four wheels on a fixed base, instead of running on bogies.
American seaman Haskell Wexler later won two Academy Awards, the latter for a biography of his shipmate Woody Guthrie.
When administered within the first three hours thrombolysis improves functional outcome without affecting mortality.
Marathon races vary in distances from ten kilometres to over 1000 kilometres for multi-day stage races.
Accordingly, the combined first three ionization energies of aluminium are far lower than the fourth ionization energy alone.
Other species are sensitive to only two axes of color or do not perceive color at all
At a casino blackjack table, the dealer faces five to seven playing positions from behind a semicircular table.
In high level competitions, there are two preliminary routines, one which has only two moves scored for difficulty and one where the athlete is free to perform any routine.
Mexican teams have won the Caribbean Series nine times.
There are five Platonic solids.
These relationships can be essential for growth of a particular organism or group of organisms .Bacterial growth follows four phases.
Many civilian applications use one or more of GPS's three basic components: absolute location, relative movement, and time transfer.
Outside of one long edge of the court to both sides of the middle line are the substitution areas for each team.
Towing is coupling two or more objects together so that they may be pulled by a designated power source or sources.
Two to four shuffles is good enough for casual play.
In Northern Ireland, the junction between the M1 and M12 is via a standard roundabout with a raised centre, three onslips and three offslips, and two lanes.
There are four structural classifications of joints:fibrous joint – joined by dense regular connective tissue that is rich in collagen fiberscartilaginous joint – joined by cartilage.
After one more turn around the waist, the loose end is draped over the shoulder.
Russian hamsters live about two to four years in captivity, and Chinese hamsters ​2 1⁄2–3 years.
In 1982, came the K Series, shaft drive but water-cooled and with either three or four cylinders mounted in a straight line from front to back.
There are five types of taxes based on the movement of organisms.
About one in a thousand girls have a 47,XXX karyotype, and one in 2500 have a 45,X one.
This debate is still an important point of reference in Political science, although most scholars' approaches fall between the two poles.
Because of their front-back symmetry, these two fabrics have little curl, making them popular as edging, even when their stretch properties are not desired.
Since the Middle Ages the two ceremonies have taken place as a combined ceremony performed in public.
An umbrella with several circles, as if two or three umbrellas were fastened on the same stick, was permitted to the king alone
Double neck electric guitars have two necks, allowing the musician to quickly switch between guitar sounds.
The atmosphere has a mass of about 5.15×1018 kg, three quarters of which is within about 11 km of the surface.
The four humours theory made popular by Hippocrates contributed to the study of emotion in the same way that it did for medicine.
Those were the first three motion pictures featuring a bodybuilder.
During the medieval Arabic-Islamic period, the Egyptian capital of Fustat housed many high-rise residential buildings, some seven stories tall that could reportedly accommodate hundreds of people.
The most important step is saptapadi or saat phere, wherein the bride and the groom, hand-in-hand, encircle the sacred fire seven times, each circle representing a matrimonial vow.
Irruptive species such as the boreal finches are one such group and can commonly be found at a location in one year and absent the next.
Current flow can be understood in two forms: as negatively charged electrons, and as positively charged electron deficiencies called holes.
The sack of Constantinople in 1204 caused the decline of mosaic art for the next five decades.
Yarns are standardly grouped by thickness into six categories: superfine, fine, light, medium, bulky and superbulky.
The viola's four strings are normally tuned in fifths: the lowest string is C , with G, D and A above it.
Colvig returned to Disney in 1940 and resumed the voice of Goofy three years later.
Jesse Katsopolis, in the television series Full House and Fuller House, referred to as "Uncle Jesse" by his three nieces DJ, Stephanie, and Michelle Tanner.
Also in 2008, Kirsty Milczarek became the first woman to ride three winners at a single British race meeting, at Kempton in February.
Legal themes tend to address four types of issue: victimhood , ethics and morality, freedom of choice, and general benefit or harm to society .
They are then drawn apart at the large ends and adjusted upon the ground in the rim of a circle usually ten feet in diameter.
The villanelle is a nineteen-line poem made up of five triplets with a closing quatrain
The magazine only lasted four issues, but resumed publication as Skateboarder in 1975.
Cardiac output is a measurement of the amount of blood pumped by each ventricle in one minute.
Unequal Rows or Columns - A quilter uses two or three different widths of blocks.
Colorado Parkour began a project to introduce elements from parkour into the U.S. military and one San Diego staff sergeant trained US Marines in parkour.
For each diprotic acid titration curve, from left to right, there are two midpoints, two equivalence points, and two buffer regions.
The United States Navy tested guns by measuring them, firing them two or three times—termed "proof by powder"—and using pressurized water to detect leaks.
The roundabout joins five roads and consists of a two-way road around the central island, with five mini-roundabouts meeting the incoming roads.
Dead space can be determined by two types of factors which are anatomical and physiological.
The Shelby Z also featured numerous suspension upgrades, including a larger diameter front sway bar and disc brakes on all four wheels.
However, DJs need to be able to output at least four channels , either unmixed signals to send to a DJ mixer or a main output plus a headphone output.
Recording two channels in the single groove of a record using the two groove walls at right angles to each other and 45 degrees to the vertical
Over the following week, the secondary buds branch into tertiary buds, about ten on each side.
It follows nine cosplayers as they create their costumes, travel to conventions and compete in contests.
Many mathematicians feel that to call their area a science is to downplay the importance of its aesthetic side, and its history in the traditional seven liberal arts
Silicate lavas can be classified into three chemical types: felsic, intermediate, and mafic .
Catalan also has the digraph ⟨tx⟩, pronounced .In Portuguese, ⟨x⟩ has four main sounds
Traditional games are played in pubs, ranging from the well-known darts, skittles, dominoes, cards and bar billiards, to the more obscure Aunt Sally, nine men's morris and ringing the bull.
As of 2004 three additional blue-violet/purple varieties have been commercialized.
In South Africa act 60 of 2000, 'handgun' means a pistol or revolver which can be held in and discharged with one hand
Triathletes train for this phenomenon through transition workouts known as "bricks": back-to-back workouts involving two disciplines, most commonly cycling and running.
The Australian teen dramedy H2O: Just Add Water chronicles the adventures of three modern-day mermaids along the Gold Coast of Australia.
For example, recreational first-timers often try to run the marathon under four hours
The Federal Constitutional Court of Germany consists of two senates of eight judges each.
Additionally, in two studies, Hart and Hart ranked the Doberman Pinscher first in the same category, and Tortora gave the Dobermann the highest rank in general trainability.
At the center are two white lines, the shikiri-sen, behind which the wrestlers position themselves at the start of the bout.
In the case of bipolar junction transistors, the three classes are common emitter, common base, and common collector.
In plane geometry, an angle is the figure formed by two rays, called the sides of the angle, sharing a common endpoint, called the vertex of the angle.
A single policy that may cover risks in one or more of the categories set out below.
Mature soil profiles typically include three basic master horizons: A, B, and C. The solum normally includes the A and B horizons.
It was dissolved in 1952 after resettling about one million refugees.
Swarm intelligence systems are typically made up of a population of simple agents such as boids interacting locally with one another and with their environment.
It works in three different ways including vertically, longitudinally, and laterally to control movement when racing on various tracks.
Sprint Telecommunications Venture, a partnership of Sprint Corp. and three large cable-TV companies, owned 49 percent of APC.
In the next three centuries women opened dozens of independent religious orders, funded in part by dowries provided by the parents of young nuns.
Bramante's initial design was for a Greek cross plan with a large central hemispherical dome and four smaller domes around it in a quincunx pattern.
A flat surface, especially one in a series, on which to place one’s foot when moving from one level to another.
Finishing positions in the two heat races are used to calculate the starting position in the feature race.
It is usual to rest such horses every half-hour for about ten minutes.
The Asian Netball Championship is held every four years.
Carleton and Musser in Mammal Species of the World have provisionally adopted a five suborder system: Sciuromorpha, Castorimorpha, Myomorpha, Anomaluromorpha, and Hystricomorpha.
There are two styles of traditional wok stoves.
The Penetron used three layers of phosphor on top of each other and increased the power of the beam to reach the upper layers when drawing those colors.
About 2,500 litres of irrigation water is needed for every one kilogram of sugar produced.
There are also pieces written for two, three, four or more cellos
The head has two strong jaws, the mandibles, used to carry food, manipulate objects, construct nests, and for defence.
Schudson has identified the following six specific areas where the ecology of news in his opinion has changed:The line between the reader and writer has blurred.
In all three scenarios, Alice received a plurality, or the most votes among the candidates.
Under the new ownership, Toronto won another three straight Stanley Cups.
She was armed with one 90 mm Spanish-designed Hontoria breech-loading gun, four 57 mm Nordenfelt guns, two 37 mm Hotchkiss cannons and two 15-inch Schwartzkopff torpedo tubes.
However, the latter three are also poisonous.
Most fouls are minor penalties and last for two minutes, major penalties for serious offenses last five minutes.
There are three types of muscle, skeletal or striated, cardiac, and smooth.
U" shaped stairs may employ a single wider landing for a change in direction of 180 degrees, or 2 landings for two changes in direction of 90 degrees each.
German Navy is currently building four F125-class frigates.
A set of eight 130,000 years old white-tailed eagle talons bear cut marks and abrasion that indicate manipulation by neanderthals, possibly for using it as jewelry.
A stereotypical flower consists of four kinds of structures attached to the tip of a short stalk.
For example, one experiment found that customers of a jewelry store who were called and thanked showed a subsequent 70% increase in purchases.
India's land is megadiverse, with four biodiversity hotspots.
However, the term was originally Eat, Shit, and Die naming the three most basic things humans have to do, and it is common among soldiers.
In one peculiar group, the myxobacteria, individual bacteria move together to form waves of cells that then differentiate to form fruiting bodies containing spores.
They also divided the solar year into 18 periods of 20 days and five nameless days , creating a 20-day month divided into four five-day weeks.
Powered by two 450 hp Napier Lion engines, the prototype first flew on 4 December 1919, shortly after it was displayed at the 1919 Paris Air Show at Le Bourget.
They will often have two output channels and deliver equal power to each.
The group of people exhibited similar behavioural pattern to a flock, where if five percent of the flock changed direction the others would follow.
Kittens generally reach sexual maturity at around seven months old.
The baroque quartet is a form of music composition similar to the trio sonata, but with four music parts performed by three solo melodic instruments and basso continuo.
Thus two Elders and two Eldresses formed the Ministry at the top of the administrative structure.
There are three types of surface that aircraft operate on:Runways, for takeoff and landingTaxiways, where planes "taxi" Apron or ramp: a surface where planes are parked, loaded, unloaded or refuelled.
Most commercial griddles have a single thermostat control for every 12 in of unit width, though some may have only one thermostat for every 24 in .
These three state-owned museums welcome close to 17 million people a year.
There are three stages of construction of Trans-Sumatra toll road which is expected to be connected together in 2025.
While six factors appear to be generally necessary, tropical cyclones may occasionally form without meeting all of the following conditions.
This does not mean that people must choose only one path, each individual can reprise multiple roles .
Notably all three of the following belong to the Hiberno-Norman FitzGerald dynasty, created by the Earls of Desmond, acting as Earls Palatine, for their kinsmen.
Table olives are classified by the IOC into three groups according to the degree of ripeness achieved before harvesting:Green olives are picked when they have obtained full size, while unripe
In treble clef, this note is placed one line below the staff and in the bass clef it is placed one line above.
In crashes, unbelted rear passengers increase the risk of belted front seat occupants' death by nearly five times.
In earlier periods of history, simply being able to read made one part of an intellectual elite.
Put the resulting dough at the fireplace for four hours to let it rise better before baking it.
Tadpoles lack true teeth, but the jaws in most species have two elongated, parallel rows of small, keratinized structures called keradonts in their upper jaws.
In general there are three schools of philosophy regarding art, focusing respectively on form, content, and context.
The current record for fastest rapper is held by Spanish rapper Domingo Edjang Moreno, known by his alias Chojin, who rapped 921 syllables in one minute on December 23, 2008.
In geometric figures, angles may also be identified by the labels attached to the three points that define them.
The three largest food service management companies servicing institutions are Aramark, Compass Group, and Sodexo.
These two new methods of timber control, along with the introduction and widespread adoption of several new pasture grasses and legumes promoted a resurgence in tree clearing.
Most veterinary schools typically require applicants to have taken one year equivalent classes in organic, inorganic chemistry, physics, general biology
A transverse wave is linearly polarized if it oscillates in only one direction or plane.
A tournament referee will arbitrate for chief referees, whilst protests will be adjudicated by at least three independent referees.
The range includes three artificial flavours: apple, pear, and berry with limited edition ciders that are released seasonally.
Vinyl LP records have two sides, each comprising one-half of the album.
Most albums included three or four records, with two sides each, making six or eight compositions per album.
Fields appeared in Broadway musical comedies, three silent films in 1915 and 1925, and in sound films starting in 1926.
These machines employ two wide, rotating cutting heads, one above the stock and one below it.
The five or six extra days needed to approximate the tropical year were placed after the months at the end of each year.
Up to five authorized computers and an unlimited number of iPods could play the files.
The remaining seven goals were not actually shot into the net by the goaltender
Another exotic format is used in hexagonal chess, which utilises a hexagonal board with three different colours for its 91 squares.
Generally, only one cable per fitting is permitted, unless the fitting is rated or listed for multiple cables.
Groups of African forest elephants typically consist of one adult female with one to three offspring.
As an example, in the New Forest, England, breeding stallions run out on the open Forest for about two to three months each year with the mares and youngstock.
Abbey Street is the only road between the two ends from which Mercian Way can be accessed.
Infamy , a feature-length documentary about graffiti culture as told through the experiences of six well-known graffiti writers and a graffiti buffer.
In principle, all diocesan income was paid into a common fund, and divided into four fixed shares for each main area of expenditure
There can be from four to seven eclipses in a calendar year, which repeat according to various eclipse cycles, such as a saros.
In 2000 archaeologists working in Leptis Magna, Libya, uncovered a 30 ft length of five colorful mosaics created during the 1st or 2nd century AD.
A modem modulates one or more carrier wave signals to encode digital information for transmission and demodulates signals to decode the transmitted information.
Such rooms can contain anywhere from three to 50 beds .
These eight teams play their own single-round-robin mini-league known as The Qualifiers
Therefore, one tick management strategy is to remove leaf litter, brush, and weeds at the edge of the woods.
Originally there were many slits, but during evolution, the number reduced, and modern fish mostly have five pairs, and never more than eight.
Vessels with more than three hulls are rare, but some experiments have been conducted with designs such as pentamarans.
The team with the most runs after seven innings wins the game.
While living in one's body an individual has conjunction with heaven through the angels, and with each person, there are at least two evil spirits and two angels.
The most successful franchises have been the Toronto Rock and the now-defunct Philadelphia Wings, each has won six championships.
Because supination and pronation are added to the two axes of movements of the wrist, the ulna and radius are sometimes considered part of the skeleton of the hand.
The components that make up the mind are known as the five aggregates , which arise and pass away continuously.
Just two days later, French physicist Louis Paul Cailletet announced his own method of liquefying molecular oxygen.
In Norway, a "cadet" is a pupil of either of the three Krigsskolen , which educate commanding officers for either the Army, the Navy or to the Air Force.
These groups may regularly associate with one another in larger communities or sub-communities within a fission–fusion society.
Americans consume approximately 2.5 billion bowls of these three soups alone each year.
For women it eventually took the form of a sari, a single long piece of cloth, famously six yards long, and of width spanning the lower body.
Thus, the lottery money received was an interest free loan to the government during the three years that the tickets were sold.
The solution dry spinning method is used to produce over 94.5% of the world's spandex fibers, and the process has five steps:1.
Jetpacks were featured in two episodes , of the original Jonny Quest animated television series, and are seen at the end of the closing credits.
In October 2005, six Eurasian beavers were reintroduced to Britain in Lower Mill Estate in Gloucestershire
The ten largest companies produced most of the world's tin in 2007.
By 1837, the National Swimming Society was holding regular swimming competitions in six artificial swimming pools, built around London.
The governor chooses a partner to go to the unsha, which they attempt to cut down by striking it three times with a machete.
Fish ovaries may be of three types: gymnovarian, secondary gymnovarian or cystovarian.
In common law jurisdictions, three key elements to the creation of a contract are necessary: offer and acceptance, consideration and the intention to create legal relations.
Oxygen travels by diffusion and there are five small muscular vessels that connect these vessels that contract at the front of the animals that can be thought of as "hearts".
The four Dublin and Cork sheriffs were soon appointed, with much of the under-sheriff's responsibilities.
Running hydration packs are the smallest and lightest, many under 2 litres and most under six litres.
This means that the two parts of the rope supporting the moving block must each support half the load.
Both simple pipelining and superscalar design increase a CPU's ILP by allowing a single processor to complete execution of instructions at rates surpassing one instruction per clock cycle.
Hybrids are fertile and can be successfully bred through four generations.
In October 2012 Facebook's monthly active users passed one billion, with 600 million mobile users, 219 billion photo uploads, and 140 billion friend connections.
Their three main cults use seventy-eight different types of masks.
Productivity decreased by at least one-third in all four cities for which sufficient data was obtainable
All three are mainly based on volunteer work.
Each weightlifter receives three attempts in each, and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category.
The interval between births in the wild is generally two years.
The region is divided into five provinces: Ancona, Ascoli Piceno, Fermo, Macerata, Pesaro e Urbino.
The four in a row set the record for consecutive homers across two Series games.
In modern Greek, four of the words for the week-days are derived from ordinals.
In 1758, Carl Linnaeus classified the seven bat species he knew of in the genus Vespertilio in the order Primates.
Researchers in Brazil have shown that neither "orthodontic" nor standard pacifiers prevent dental problems if children continue sucking past the age of three years.
All three Allied cruisers were heavily damaged, with the New Zealand cruiser put out of action for 25 months by a Long Lance hit.
Combined, the three operators had over 3.4 million 4G base-stations in China.
The Roman Catholic rosary is a string of beads containing five sets with ten small beads.
There are three types of blink.
Smith was first to take out a screw propeller patent on 31 May, while Ericsson, a gifted Swedish engineer then working in Britain, filed his patent six weeks later.
Various different designs were used, including stools with four vertical legs, and others with crossed splayed legs
Pakistan Navy Operates five Tariq-class destroyers purchased from the United Kingdom.
The Zhou Empire dissolved in 770 BC into feudal multi-state system which lasted for five and a half centuries until the universal conquest of Qin in 221 BC.
The portal venous system is a series of veins or venules that directly connect two capillary beds.
It is possible then to visit only two bookcase sides at a time, all the others being pressed close together.
In some accounts, Apep is as long as the height of eight men with a head made of flint.
Meanwhile, the even rarer case of a rainbow split into three branches was observed and photographed in nature.
Because it is a distensible organ, it normally expands to hold about one litre of food.
Americans also use the term to define the first of three courses in a meal, an optional one generally set on the table before guests were seated.
The more durable types consist of an abrasion-resistant nylon or rubber outer shell, with separate PVC air chambers for the two side tubes and the floor.
The first and oldest is to weave the root ends of the hair onto a stretch of three silk threads to form a sort of fringe called a "weft".
Clergy" is from two Old French words, clergié and clergie, which refer to those with learning and derive from Medieval Latin clericatus, from Late Latin clericus . "
Cultural practices often arose that were intended to prevent a recently deceased loved one from turning into an undead revenant.
In Finland, one case involved pirates who had been captured and whose boat was sunk.
The Schools are divided into four main branches: Kuba-Shirvan, Ganja-Kazakh carpet-weaving school, The Baku carpet school, Karabakh school of carpet weaving.
In his comparative study on sound and noise in cities he points out that noise regulations are only one indicator for what is considered as harmful.
It took ten years for Brandenberger to perfect his film.
A Bonzer is a surfboard designed by the Campbell Brothers that can have three or five fins and is punctuated with a large center fin and 2-4 smaller side fins.
There are two divisions: one for international crews and one for domestic crews .
The recommended graduation time is five years.
The four seam fastball is widely regarded as the main key to advancing to the next level of play.
One or two more: Adding 1 or 2 is a basic task, and it can be accomplished through counting on or, ultimately, intuition.
Due to the offsides rule, settled play involves six offensive players versus six defensive players and a goalie.
Like many high-end DMUs, these vehicles are made of two or three connected units that are semi-permanently coupled as “married pairs or triplets” and operate as a single unit.
In all Hindu marriages the bride and bridegroom exchange garlands three times.
The three usual "ups" of caddying are: show up, shut up, and keep up.
It usually lasts nine minutes and can occur one to six times during courtship.
This list achieved great celebrity among mathematicians, and at least nine of the problems have now been solved.
European windstorms and derechos are two type of windstorms.
Fleas are holometabolous insects, going through the four lifecycle stages of egg, larva, pupa, and imago .
The two jacks in each gap face in opposite directions, and each plucks a string adjacent to the gap.
Other common animation methods apply a stop motion technique to two and three-dimensional objects like paper cutouts, puppets or clay figures.
Consider, for example, one reference frame moving relative to another at velocity v in the x direction.
Troeltsch's aim was to distinguish between three main types of religious behavior: churchly, sectarian and mystical.
The traditional kayak has a covered deck and one or more cockpits, each seating one paddler.
Males in coalitions of three or four individuals exhibit a pronounced hierarchy, in which one male dominates the others and mates more frequently.
Today in Lebanon there are at least ten buildings that can be classified as palaces, including the Beiteddine Palace, Grand Serail , Baabda Palace, Sursock Museum, and Fakhreddine Palace.
Rolling platforms typically 740 millimetres wide by 1.8 metres long and 1.8 metres tall sections which can be stacked up to three high with the use of added outriggers.
This causes Aplysina to develop one or more rust-colored bands, sometimes with adjacent bands of necrotic tissue.
The film's success spawned three sequels: Batman Returns , Batman Forever and Batman & Robin
Fore-and-aft rig – A fore-and-aft sail is set for the wind on one side for a given tack.
Modern commercial watercolor paints are available in two forms: tubes or pans.
Grant professionals with at least three years experience, and other requirements, can become certified as Grant Professional Certified .
According to the Supreme Court Historical Society, 20 goose-quill pens, neatly crossed, are placed at the four counsel tables each day the U.S. Supreme Court is in session
She was let go within six months as a result of Mohawk's then-common marriage ban.
A schooner can have more than two masts, with the foremast always lower than the foremost main.
Some elevator banks are programmed so that at least one car will always return to the lobby floor and park whenever it becomes free.
Soon after this, horse cultures of the Caucasus region used horse-drawn spoked-wheel war chariots for the greater part of three centuries.
The technique usually involves making three openings through the part of the sclera known as the pars plana.
Motorways in Serbia have three lanes in each direction, signs are white-on-green, as in the rest of former Yugoslavia and the normal speed limit is 130 kilometres per hour .
A 2005 NASA study "conservatively" estimated there was 128,000 square kilometres of irrigated lawn in the US, three times the area of irrigated corn.
Leaf size is the chief criterion for the classification of tea plants, with three primary classifications being, Assam type, characterised by the largest leaves
Some evidence of medical training can be derived from one account, where an Iga ninja provided first-aid to Ii Naomasa, who was injured by gunfire in the Battle of Sekigahara.
These could be operated by three men, and pulled by only two horses.
These belonged to three proposed extinct families, the Pseudopulicidae, the Saurophthiridae, and the Tarwiniidae.
For motorcycles this figure is higher at 75.19 per 100,000 registered vehicles – four times higher than for cars.
The new pope is led through the "Door of Tears" to a dressing room where three sets of white papal vestments await: small, medium, and large.
In general one obtains an -dimensional object by dragging an n-dimensional object in a new direction.
An oxidizer is a pure substance that in a chemical reaction can contribute some atoms of one or more oxidizing elements, in which the fuel component of the explosive burns.
It is played with two wooden sticks.
For example, adding approximately one teaspoon per cup of AP flour gives the resulting mix the protein content of bread flour.
About six to nine billion are sold a year.
The four mechanoreceptors in the skin each respond to different stimuli for short or long periods.
A typical house on these alleys or lanes is called a Philadelphia "Trinity", named because it has three rooms, one to each floor, alluding to the Christian Trinity.
Often several tsunami are caused by a single geological event and arrive at intervals of between eight minutes and two hours.
Sienna contains less than five percent manganese.
Chamber orchestra is a small-scale orchestra containing between ten and forty members, mostly string instruments, and likely led by a conductor.
Fire walls provide varying resistance to the spread of fire, some intended to last one to four hours.
In Islam, the five daily prayers can be done in most cases after completing washing certain parts of the body using clean water , unless water is unavailable .
Most modern yakuza derive from two classifications which emerged in the mid-Edo period: tekiya, those who primarily peddled illicit, stolen or shoddy goods
These four groups account for the majority of described species.
His successor Mikhail Lermontov was killed four years later by fellow Army officer Nikolai Martynov.
Violins with five strings or more are typically used in jazz or folk music.
The vessels form three rings: one around the mouth , another around the digestive system and the third near the aboral surface .
The survey showed that the breeds suffer from similar rates of ongoing health conditions, with one exception.
These carriages were on four wheels often and were pulled by two to four horses depending on how they were decorated .
In addition, three Aquila flying boats were used during the airlift.
In 2013, one boar was reported to have completed the 11-kilometre swim from France to Alderney in the Channel Islands.
The cause of this behavior was that the two pendulums were affecting each other through slight motions of the supporting mantlepiece.
Originally, British canals had locks only seven feet wide, so narrowboats could be no more than 6'10" wide if they were to be able to navigate the system.
It is the principal bass instrument in concert bands, brass bands and military bands, and those ensembles generally have two to four tubas.
The small round brush head comprises seven tufts of tightly packed soft nylon bristles, trimmed so the bristles in the center can reach deeper into small spaces.
A night nanny generally works with children from newborn to five years of age.
Possession may be nine tenths of the law, but not all.
The signified has two meanings known as denotative and connotative.
There are five types of ear carriage in domestic rabbits, some of which have been bred for exaggerated ear length—a potential health risk that is controlled in some countries.
The most commonly used form of the Köppen classification has five primary types labeled A through E. Specifically, the primary types are A, tropical
The mussel's external shell is composed of two hinged halves or "valves".
Lacking a register key, it was played mainly in its fundamental register, with a limited range of about one and a half octaves.
The line that the segment is revolved about is called the axis of the cylinder and it passes through the centers of the two bases.
It attains a thickness of 20 ft or more near the rivers and gradually fades away at a distance of ten or more miles on either side.
Field artillery platoons, led by a lieutenant , with two or three to a battery, normally consisted of two gun sections.
Generally, four pages of music were engraved on a single plate.
Some equation clocks have two displays, one showing mean time and the other solar time, as would be shown by a sundial.
Originally the Maculelê is believed to have been an indigenous armed fighting style, using two sticks or a machete.
These discs used the two walls of the groove at right angles in order to carry the two channels.
The abdomen consists of ten segments and contains the gut and genital organs.
For example, an 8-bit CPU can directly manipulate integers represented by eight bits, which have a range of 256 discrete integer values.
The cylindric section by a plane that contains two elements of a cylinder is a parallelogram.
On Pesach during the Seder, it is a Rabbinic obligation of adults to drink four cups of wine.
Gold solder is usually made in at least three melting-point ranges referred to as Easy, Medium and Hard.
A rhyme is a repetition of similar sounds in the final stressed syllables and any following syllables of two or more words.
The cat is made up of nine knotted thongs of cotton cord, about 0.8 metres long, designed to lacerate the skin and cause intense pain.
It has three parts of alignment: heaven, man, and earth.
It is the third durable solution and it can only be considered once the two other solutions have proved impossible.
The 17th-century Turkish traveler Evliya Çelebi called it the "craft of the two hands".
The wool was used for weaving carpets more than five centuries B.C before being predominantly used in the raw carpets' manufacture.
If a hemispherical dome is cut by four vertical planes, the intersection gives four semicircular arches
He stayed there for seven years and taught French priests and Christians how to cook gingerbread.
At one point, some steppe bison crossbred with the ancestors of the modern yak.
During the ten days of Vijayadashami, effigies of Ravana, his brother Kumbhakarna and son Meghanad are erected and burnt by enthusiastic youths at sunset.
In Berlin the commonly cited figure is that one kilometer of subway costs as much as ten kilometers of tramway.
These rules called for six to nine players per team and 11 officials.
The other three genres are tragedy, epic poetry, and lyric poetry.
Larger forest species often form very small herds of two to four females and one male.
However, the five Sikh symbols, known as Kakaars or Five Ks , are sometimes referred to as the Five articles of Faith.
The latter are large, enclosed and fortified earth buildings, between three and five stories high and housing up to eighty families.
He wrote two letters to Samuel Hartlib concerning the duties of a professional librarian, which were published in 1650 as "The Reformed Librarie-Keeper".
The following month an accord was reached on patent cross-licensing, full playback compatibility, and the division of the world into three parts for the provision of equipment.
Experiments have been done with infants up to four months of age using both positive touch and negative touch .
Present-day machines feature a drop-down front panel door, allowing access to the interior, which usually contains two or sometimes three pull-out racks
In all three cases, the walls display the current game state of out-of-town games , statistics for the current batter or pitcher, and promotional messages.
The route is 92 kilometres , and is run by two companies – government-owned Interislander, and independent Bluebridge, who say the trip takes three and half hours.
His work states that three factors constitute love: attachment, caring, and intimacy.
The four Kongō-class ships performed shore bombardment in Malaya, Singapore, and Guadalcanal and escorted the raid on Ceylon and other carrier forces in 1941–42.
Four American sports organizations either currently use this format, or have in the past:Since the mid-1960s, most ten-pin bowling events use a stepladder final, usually involving five bowlers.
The most recent classification of Quercus divides the genus into two subgenera and eight sections.
Now China belongs to the elite group of three countries—US and Russia being the other two members—that provide global satellite navigation.
The roll-out mats are available in two sizes, 39 by 6 feet and 27 by 4.5 feet .
In hunting larger prey, crocodiles swarm in, with one holding the prey down as the others rip it apart.
Clay is a finely-grained natural rock or soil material that combines one or more clay minerals with possible traces of quartz , metal oxides
Lead has the highest atomic number of any stable element and three of its isotopes are endpoints of major nuclear decay chains of heavier elements.
All three networks also produce weekly newsmagazines: CBC's The Fifth Estate , Global's 16x9 , and CTV's W5 .
Windshields made using this process were two layers of glass with a cellulose inner layer.
The baritone ʻukulele usually uses linear G6 tuning: D3–G3–B3–E4, the same as the highest four strings of a standard 6-string guitar.
The more irritated the llama is, the further back into each of the three stomach compartments it will try to draw materials from for its spit.
Butterfly adults are characterized by their four scale-covered wings, which give the Lepidoptera their name .
Ice on lakes is generally four types: primary, secondary, superimposed and agglomerate.
In 1938, five giant pandas were sent to London.
However, only two Russian battleships, Tsesarevich and Retvizan, as well as the protected cruiser Pallada, were seriously damaged due to the proper deployment of torpedo nets.
He opened a shop in London in 1846, and sold banjos with closed backs and up to seven strings.
The modern dolphin skeleton has two small, rod-shaped pelvic bones thought to be vestigial hind limbs.
The other two chalcogenides, lead selenide and lead telluride, are likewise photoconducting.
There are two parts to the check hook.
Therefore, a good metric of efficient energy use while driving is to note how much one is braking.
The International Herald Tribune alone ran nine stories on the event.
In some works which combined choirs and instrumental ensembles, two leaders were sometimes used: a concertmaster to lead the instrumentalists and a chord-playing performer to lead the singers.
The coupling fitting has one or two valves that control the flow of beer out of and gas into the keg.
Under Punch Imlach, their new general manager and coach, the Leafs made it to the 1959 Finals, losing to the Canadiens in five games.
In diamond, the carbons are in sp3 hybrid orbitals, which means they form a framework where each carbon is covalently bonded to four neighbours in a tetrahedral fashion
On yachts, galleys are often cramped, with one or two burners fueled by an LP gas bottle.
In south africa act 60 of 2000, 'handgun' means a pistol or revolver which can be held in and discharged with one hand.
The blade must not be more than four and one quarter inches wide and the total length of the bat not more than 38 inches .
A modern geometrical version of infinity is given by projective geometry, which introduces "ideal points at infinity", one for each spatial direction.
This type of cuff has four buttons and a short placket.
The front and all four sides of a canvas are untouched by the easel.
It has over 40 times the refrigerating capacity of liquid helium and three times that of liquid hydrogen.
Hindus with large houses will set aside one room as their puja room, with the altar at one end of it.
The five key principles of food hygiene, according to WHO, are:Prevent contaminating food with mixing chemicals, spreading from people, and animals.
On August 14, 1995, an ad hoc group formed from five computer companies issued a press release stating that they would only accept a single format.
As for the Vajrayana vows of individual liberation, there are four steps: A lay person may take the 5 vows called 'approaching virtue' .
This was very helpful during development because even with only four satellites, correct alignment means all four are visible from one spot for a few hours each day.
Approximately three months after giving birth , oestrogen levels drop and hair loss occurs, often particularly noticeably around the hairline and temple area.
Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into six categories depending on its properties and the region from which it is obtained.
Further dissemination of the championship structure was completed in 2009 with the addition of the Lory Meagher Cup to make it a four tier championship.
In 2012, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. missed two playoff races due to injury.
It was not until ten years later that tomatoes were named in print by Mattioli as pomi d'oro, or "golden apples".
Most modern upright pianos also have three pedals: soft pedal, practice pedal and sustain pedal, though older or cheaper models may lack the practice pedal.
The rational model was independently developed by Herbert A. Simon, an American scientist, and Gerhard Pahl and Wolfgang Beitz, two German engineering design theorists.
Only one model from this request was ever put into service.
The rifle squad was reorganized into an eleven-man organization with a sergeant as squad leader and two five-man fire teams.
Even when the content capacity of two kegs are equal, e.g. metricized to 50 liters, the keg shape and tap system may differ greatly.
They tested a variety of layouts including a Facit like the two-row arrangement, buttons in a circle, buttons in an arc, and rows of three buttons.
The subgenus Prunus is divided into three sections:Sect.
After Indiana was stricken in 1962, the four Iowa-class ships were the only battleships in commission or reserve anywhere in the world.
Two distinct pigments have been identified in the secretions, one red and one orange .
It is sometimes incorrectly said that the user location is at the intersection of three spheres.
If a Pro tree is used, then the three amber lights will flash at the same time.
The primary use of comparison in literature is with the simile, a figure of speech that directly compares two things.
This could happen after three to five years of her life as a maiko or hangyoku, depending on at what age she debuted.
A seaplane was used during the Balkan Wars in 1913, when a Greek "Astra Hydravion" did a reconnaissance of the Turkish fleet and dropped four bombs.
On 3 December 1999, six firefighters died fighting a fire inside an abandoned six floor warehouse.
Shotguns are found in all three classes.
A bull is typically ready for slaughter one or two months sooner than a castrated male or a female, and produces proportionately more and leaner muscle.
Talented children as young as seven are sent to special district schools for more intensive training—the first step on a ladder whose acme is the national baseball team.
The concept was taken from the conceptual computer-aided design model on 10 September 2010 to the first testing at 30% power on 1 March 2011 – less than six months.
Finally, in the 1970s, the government decided that one toilet for four or five families was insufficient and renovated all public housing providing separate flush pedestal toilets for all residents.
The hammer has two pistons – a drive piston and a free flight piston.
On each side of the cannon, three soldiers stood, to ram and sponge the cannon, and hold the ladle.
The first recorded body snatching was performed by four medical students who were arrested in 1319 for grave-robbing.
Doug Fesler and Jill Fredston developed a conceptual model of the three primary elements of avalanches: terrain, weather, and snowpack.
Japanese castles will have up to three of these concentric moats.
In early manufacturing, industrial caster bodies were typically fabricated from three separate, stamped metal parts, which were welded to the top plate.
It began erupting in 1900 and erupted periodically for four years until a landslide changed the local water table.
It takes generally six heads of hair to make a full human hair wig.
Studies suggest that after seven people, each additional person reduces the effectiveness of group decision-making.
A human may also be born without one or more fingers or underdevelopment of some fingers such as symbrachydactyly.
After a tempo change, a composer may return to a previous tempo in two ways:a tempo – returns to the base tempo after an adjustment .
If convicted, they are sent to certified institutions called ‘beggar homes’ also known as ‘Sewa Kutir’ for a period ranging from one to ten years for detention, training and employment.
All tumor cells show the six hallmarks of cancer.
The increase from five points to six did not come until much later in Canada, and the touchdown remained only five points there until 1956.
Their eyes open after 10 days, by which point the pups become increasingly more mobile, walking by 20 days, and running at the age of six weeks.
Tiered skirt, made of several horizontal layers, each wider than the one above, and divided by stitching.
Six months later Tim Berners-Lee would begin writing WorldWideWeb, the first web browser after two years of lobbying CERN management.
The abdomen has no appendages except those that have been modified to form one to four pairs of short, movable spinnerets, which emit silk.
In a team relay competition, one man, one woman, and a doubles pair form a team.
These usually have three lobes which are themselves lobed or doubly lobed.
Each of these stones is associated with a celestial deity, represented the totality of the Hindu universe when all nine gems are together.
This consists of gently going from 0% brake at around two metres to 100% brake when touching down on the ground.
Suit jackets in all styles typically have three or four buttons on each cuff, which are often purely decorative .
This may occur during a set of six or during a change of possession.
As of 2013, the orchestra has six female members
The three main lineages in Siluriformes are the family Diplomystidae, the denticulate catfish suborder Loricarioidei , and the suborder Siluroidei, which contains the remaining families of the order.
Now penniless, and despite having barely survived the deadly wreck, they are given only five days by the desperate townsfolk to pay off this debt and retain the family holdings.
Vanilla requires organic matter, so three or four applications of mulch a year are adequate for the plant.
TeamGym events consist of three sections: women, men and mixed teams.
Kunoichi , which make up the three strokes that form the kanji for "woman" .
A web has to perform three functions: intercepting the prey , absorbing its momentum without breaking , and trapping the prey by entangling it or sticking to it .
Before 2014, primary school continued on to year seven in Western Australia, South Australia and Queensland.
Additionally, the seasons are considered to change on the same dates everywhere that uses a particular calendar method regardless of variations in climate from one area to another.
There are three million bagels exported from the U.S. annually, and it has a 4%-of-duty classification of Japan in 2000.
Properly trained stallions can live and work close to mares and to one another.
The diamond is the most powerful gem among the nine stones.
Litters consist of two or three cubs, rarely as many as six.
Radially symmetrical, star dunes are pyramidal sand mounds with slipfaces on three or more arms that radiate from the high center of the mound.
Sax patented the saxophone on 28 June 1846, in two groups of seven instruments each.
The M1 motorway passes about ten miles to the east of the city, linking Derby southwards to the London area and northwards to Sheffield and Leeds.
Another translation of Aristotle is that he meant "the four Becauses" as four kinds of answer to "why" questions.
The incircle is the circle which lies inside the triangle and touches all three sides.
Some of the volatile organic compounds responsible for the smell are:methanethioldimethyl sulfidedimethyl disulfidebismethanedimethyl sulfoxidedimethyl sulfoneSubjectively, the first two are the most pungent, while the last two give a sweet aroma.
As of 2009, the Earth's mass in kilograms is only known to around five digits of accuracy, whereas its gravitational mass is known to over nine significant figures.
Suppliers include J. E. Ashworth & Sons and Faribault Woolen Mills who made half of all blankets in America at one time.
The three angle bisectors intersect in a single point, the incenter, usually denoted by I, the center of the triangle's incircle.
It was also reported that one out of 150 rhinos treated did not survive the anesthesia.
Hexagonal close-packing involves stacking layers where every other layer is the same , whereas cubic close-packing involves stacking groups of three layers .
The majority of recovered victims, 150 bodies, were buried in three Halifax cemeteries, the largest being Fairview Lawn Cemetery followed by the nearby Mount Olivet and Baron de Hirsch cemeteries.
He divides attention into three functional components: alerting, orienting, and executive attention that can also interact and influence each other.
Even with their different theories, these three psychologists agreed that adolescence was inherently a time of disturbance and psychological confusion.
Moreover, he introduces the seven rules of Tyconius the Donatist to interpret the obscure meaning of the Bible, which demonstrates his understanding that all truth belongs to God .
The Yoga Yajnavalkya discusses eight yoga Asanas – Swastika, Gomukha, Padma, Vira, Simha, Bhadra, Mukta and Mayura, numerous breathing exercises for body cleansing, and meditation.
A cow goes through three stages of labor during normal delivery of a calf.
Ismay approved the design and signed three "letters of agreement" two days later, authorising the start of construction.
These large colonies are believed to serve three purposes for the flamingos: avoiding predators, maximizing food intake, and using scarcely suitable nesting sites more efficiently.
Around six months of age, a child will begin babbling, producing the speech sounds or handshapes of the languages used around them.
Just three species are present in the New World: wood stork, maguari stork and jabiru, which is the tallest flying bird of the Americas.
The locks constantly grow to four inches or more in length.
Rugby league games are controlled by an on field referee assisted by two touch judges, and often a video referee during televised games.
Triple fold - A chest stand in which the knees come all the way over to touch the floor, and the shins lie flat on the floor creating three 'layers'.
Parades are held over the three days before Lent
The most common modern sailboat is the sloop, which features one mast and two sails, typically a Bermuda rigged main, and a headsail.
Each device needs at least one corresponding device driver
The mosaic, found in the Sicilian Villa Romana del Casale, features ten maidens who have been anachronistically dubbed the "Bikini Girls".
French, Italian and Spanish antique nightstands usually have one drawer and an enclosed storage space with one door.
Molecular evidence suggests that the shoebill and the hamerkop form a sister group to the pelicans, though some doubt exists as to the exact relationships among the three lineages.
Seeds are typically started eight to 10 weeks prior to the anticipated frost-free date.
The Chinese garden is a landscape garden style which has evolved over three thousand years.
A "ring of bells" is a set of four to twelve or more bells used in change ringing, a particular method of ringing bells in patterns.
Mixtec and Zapotec, both with estimated 500,000 native speakers each, are two other well-known language groups.
Dice are often sold in sets, matching in color, of six different shapes.
Most cottages are single story two to four roomed structures sometimes with an attic for storing supplies.
It is difficult to distinguish on sight a basic griddle from one with more sophisticated construction and dramatically superior performance.
Before the two substances are mixed, they are separately cleaned of foreign matter and dried in a manner that creates large square cakes.
In clear weather, diesel exhaust can be seen on the surface to a distance of about three miles, while "periscope feather" is visible from far off in calm sea conditions.
At this time the most common shark tooth is the cladodont, a style of thin tooth with three tines like a trident, apparently to help catch fish.
Another study done by Jeffrey Trawick-Smith took 60 different children ages three to four and observed them playing with nine different toys deemed best for development.
Most species possess three visual pigments and are probably able to see two primary colors in daylight.
Herbs came to be considered in three groups, namely pot herbs , sweet herbs , and salad herbs .
In 1909, nine European governments agreed on the use of four pictorial symbols, indicating "bump", "curve", "intersection", and "grade-level railroad crossing".
Similarly, O−3 denotes an ozone molecule consisting of three oxygen atoms and a net negative charge.
The earliest engines were small and were either carried by four men, or mounted on skids and dragged to a fire.
Guy Cribb : four times world championships runner-up in the 1990s.
Each point is subdivided in four quarter-points so that 1 turn equals 128 quarter-points.
Bunraku traditionally uses three puppeteers to operate a puppet that varies from 1/3 to 1/2 life size.
Often, two smaller multiphase pumps are installed in series rather than having just one massive pump.
There are two major structural styles observed in non-silicates: close-packing and silicate-like linked tetrahedra.
A shake lotion is a mixture that separates into two or three parts over time.
To achieve this, the capsomeres at the apices are surrounded by five other capsomeres and are called pentons.
In the year 2000, a gram of Tyrian purple made from ten thousand mollusks according to the original formula, cost two thousand euros.
For historical reasons, six communes in the Meuse département exist as independent administrative entities despite having no inhabitant at all.
Falcons are roughly divisible into three or four groups.
In 1453, he began to rebuild the Acqua Vergine, the ruined Roman aqueduct which had brought clean drinking water to the city from eight miles away.
Darwin proposed to fix these insufficiencies by proposing a principle in which the two front wheels turn about a centre that lies on the extended line of the back axle.
In general, when a woman enters a religious order or monastery, she first undergoes a period of testing the life for six months to two years called a postulancy.
Even on overcast days, toplighting from skylights is three to ten times more efficient than sidelighting.
The two species of Maihuenia have small, globe-shaped bodies with prominent leaves at the top.
They are often used in tomography to produce three dimensional images of objects, including biological materials that have not been chemically fixed.
Carême considered the four grandes sauces to be espagnole, velouté, allemande, and béchamel, from which a large variety of petites sauces could be composed.
However, MacIntyre has himself deconstructed the idea of 'the tradition', instead posing Aristotelianism as one philosophical tradition in rivalry with others.
In just five years—from 2013 to 2018—China bought 1000 planes from Boeing.
All three types may be augmented with syllabic glyphs.
However, many team sports involve teams in only one major tournament per year.
Bill colour varies: the four subarctic species have black bills with varying amounts of yellow, and all the others are patterned red and black.
In Sweden, five years after Peter's death, in 1730 Philip Johan von Strahlenberg published a new atlas proposing the Ural Mountains as the border of Asia.
The heart is the first functional organ to develop and starts to beat and pump blood at about three weeks into embryogenesis.
The most formal style of kimono is plain black silk with five kamon on the chest, shoulders and back.
A 2013 remix of "MacArthur Park" by Summer topped the Billboard Dance Charts marking five consecutive decades with a number-one song on the charts.
Early frames for glasses consisted of two magnifying glasses riveted together by the handles so that they could grip the nose.
Individual blocks are usually even-aged and often consist of just one or two species.
The three traditional factors determining a tank's capability effectiveness are its firepower, protection, and mobility.
Looking at the "anatomy" of a typical satellite, one discovers two modules.
The aardwolf has greatly reduced cheek teeth, sometimes absent in the adult, but otherwise has the same dentition as the other three species.
This fighting strategy allows quick and unpredictable counterattacks, the ability to focus on more than one adversary and to face empty-handed an armed adversary.
The expansion of online marketing with regards to promotional giveaways has facilitated the rise of "Freebie sites" that seek to aggregate all promotional free sample offers in one place.
Cotton flannel or Canton flannel is a cotton fabric napped on one side or two sides.
Relapses fell from an average of four times per month before treatment with coca tea to one during the treatment.
Beethoven began with two works directly emulating his models Mozart and Haydn, then seven more symphonies, starting with the Third Symphony that expanded the scope and ambition of the genre.
Evidence of prehistoric, man-made fires exists on all five inhabited continents.
When thrown or rolled, the die comes to rest showing on its upper surface a random integer from one to six, each value being equally likely.
Concerto: a musical composition generally composed of three movements, in which, usually, one solo instrument is accompanied by an orchestra or concert band.
A shortage of available parking for automobiles in large urban areas and the Vespa's low running costs are two reasons for the increase in Vespa popularity.
Each trick counts as one point, and any domino with a multiple of five dots counts toward the total of the hand.
Taking causation one step further, the type of attribution a person provides influences their future behavior.
Livingstone puts the figure as high as ten to one.
The structure of the apartments included centrally located anteroom with a combined function of the dining room and one or more salon areas.
The popping crease is drawn four feet in front of the bowling crease and parallel to it
At one point Tugger even attempts to commit suicide, upon being forced to hear Russell Crowe's new musical composition.
However, Stephen Jay Gould and others have argued that as one ascends the evolutionary hierarchy, competitiveness becomes less innate, and more a learned behavior.
While superficially appearing similar to a battleship/battlecruiser and mounting three triple turrets of 12-inch guns, their actual protection scheme and design resembled a scaled-up heavy cruiser design.
In May 2014, three women became the RN's first female submariners.
The salmon spend about one to five years in the open ocean, where they gradually become sexually mature.
If more than ten hairs are obtained, the pull test is considered positive.
Infront Sports & Media represents all seven Olympic winter sport federations, including the IIHF for ice hockey and the IBU for biathlon.
Strength, discretion, self-restraint and benevolence are its four horses,Harnessed with the cords of forgiveness, compassion and equanimity...Whoever has this righteous chariot, has no enemy to conquer anywhere.
In a group of two or more elevators, the call buttons may be linked to a central dispatch computer, such that they illuminate and cancel together.
Most modern designs have only one sail, the mainsail
Not all bones are interconnected directly: There are three bones in each middle ear called the ossicles that articulate only with each other.
As of 2009, eight U.S. states permitted such alienation of affections lawsuits.
If something is not those two qualities, it cannot validly be called mind. "
Further, attractiveness increases with stripe width, so the relatively narrow stripes of the three living species of zebras should be unattractive to horseflies.
Tail shapes vary from square, pin, squash, swallow, diamond, and so on—each one in turn having its own family of smaller variants.
Impact resistance is measured by dropping the flashlight in six different orientations and observing that it still functions and has no large cracks or breaks in it
Once the larval mussels attach to the fish, the fish body reacts to cover them with cells forming a cyst, where the glochidia remain for two to five weeks .
The United States dry pint is equal to one eighth of a United States dry gallon.
Kittens cannot see as well as adult cats until about ten weeks after birth.
In most insect legs, including the posterior four legs of a mantis, the coxa and trochanter combine as an inconspicuous base of the leg
Genus Aegolius – Saw-whet owls, four speciesGenus Asio – Eared owls, 6–7 speciesGenus Athene – 2–4 species Genus Bubo – Horned owls, eagle-owls and fish-owls
Defining characteristics of the ten types of leaders are explained with examples from history and mythology.
The bars have been moved increasingly further apart, allowing gymnasts to perform swinging, circling, transitional, and release moves that may pass over, under, and between the two bars.
They have two otoliths, permitting the detection of sound particle motion, and Weberian ossicles connecting the swimbladder to the otoliths, facilitating the detection of sound pressure.
A self-propelled manual wheelchair incorporates a frame, seat, one or two footplates and four wheels: usually two caster wheels at the front and two large wheels at the back.
At the same time one derives an almost perverse pleasure from wallowing in this deficit.
Normal tooth eruption at about six months is known as teething and can be painful.
The vestibular nerve conducts information from sensory receptors in three ampulla that sense motion of fluid in three semicircular canals caused by three-dimensional rotation of the head.
All beaks are composed of two jaws, generally known as the upper mandible and lower mandible .
Tukey combined these ideas and recommended dividing the sample into three equal size subsamples and estimating the line based on the medians of the subsamples.
Outside of New Zealand and India, only two other regions have reported Cocos-like fossils, namely Australia and Colombia.
At sixteen, girls were generally apprenticed as servants for four years
In Harmonia axyridis, eggs hatch in three to four days from clutches numbering from a few to several dozen.
In just six months they completed the first Bell Model 1, which spawned the Bell Model 30, later succeeded by the Bell 47.
The bowstring and arrow are held with three fingers, or with a mechanical arrow release.
The following five sets are known as "false ribs", three of these sharing a common cartilaginous connection to the sternum, while the last two are termed floating ribs.
A runner on third base is therefore particularly valuable to the batting team when fewer than two outs have been recorded.
The fluoride, chloride, and bromide have the sodium chloride structure, but the iodide has three known stable forms at different temperatures
Larger pans of similar shape with two ear handles are sometimes called "sauce-pots" or "soup pots" .
She wears the same white makeup for her face on her nape, leaving two or sometimes three stripes of bare skin exposed.
The three sides of the beams visible from the playing field must be painted alternatingly in two contrasting colors which both have to contrast against the background.
There shall be but one Measure of Cloth through the Realm by the Yard and the Inch, and not by the Yard and Handful, according to the London Measure.
The Americans had four of the new Cleveland-class cruisers and eight destroyers.
These four major sports, when played professionally, each occupy a season at different but overlapping, times of the year.
Some road transportation is done on regular routes or for only one consignee per run, while others transport goods from many different loading stations/shippers to various consignees.
One review gives an incidence of about one case per million vaccinations.
There is not just one method to discovering one's hair type.
A human being merely consists of five aggregates, or skandhas and nothing else.
The fruit takes four to five months from flowering to ripen.
The crystals are weakly held together and water may intervene, causing the clay to swell up to ten times its dry volume.
Fleet tracking: used to identify, locate and maintain contact reports with one or more fleet vehicles in real-time.
In especially boisterous weather conditions, the reverse surge might be entirely overcome so that the flow continues in the same direction through three or more surge periods.
This provides the photographer with the three basic channels required to recreate a color image.
This structure varies in the eight largest urban areas:Bloemfontein ,Cape Town ,Durban ,East London / King Williams Town ,East Rand ,Johannesburg ,Port Elizabeth incl.
The wood-covered deck was divided into four segregated promenades: for officers, First Class passengers, engineers, and Second Class passengers respectively.
If the addends are the rotation speeds of two shafts, they can be added with a differential.
The corporals, and the sergeant, prior to the increase to two corporals per section, led the two squads of the section.
A side stand style kickstand is a single leg that simply flips out to one side, usually the left side, and the bike then leans against it.
The goalkeeper remains in the goal, and the remaining ten players are "outfield" players.
Diceware is a method recommended for generating secure but memorable passphrases, by repeatedly rolling five dice and picking the corresponding word from a pre-generated list.
The grip is of three pieces made of two nylon plastic panels joined by a metal backstrap.
For example, a study found eight areas of support for the "smaller lives longer" thesis.
By 1970, kickboxing was telecast in Japan on three different channels three times weekly.
In 1325, laws were passed in Berlin and Cologne that limited bets on lawn bowling to five shillings.
The semi-floating axle features only one bearing, while the full-floating assembly has bearings in both wheel hubs.
Whereas one large robot may fail and ruin a mission, a swarm can continue even if several robots fail.
Swarms densities were about one million copepods per cubic metre.
There are three main chemical pulping processes: the sulfite process dates back to the 1840s and it was the dominant method extent before the second world war.
In Australia, especially on the Murray River and the sunny coastline of Queensland there are many motorized, pontoon-based houseboats with two or more bedrooms
See the list of four "epistemological domains": Popper,
They lay two or three speckled eggs in nests composed of vegetation.
The federal government typically regulates this line, and typically the cost of the line is set to three times the cost an adequate meal.
The receiver is located at the point where three hyperboloids intersect.
Full recovery is reached within three months.
Normative ethics, investigates the set of questions that arise when considering how one ought to act, morally speaking.
This low price led to about five million Filipinos owning a cell phone by 2001.
This form was derived through a combining of prior forms.15th-century Italy saw the formation of the two main variants that are known today.
Bryophytes are now split among three divisions: Bryophyta, Marchantiophyta and Anthocerotophyta.
Other pearls from giant clams are known to exist, but this is a particularly large one weighing 14 lb .
Typically each hole has two reeds for each note, tuned to one octave of each other.
The Norwegian municipality of Hornindal has three scythe blades in its coat-of-arms.
As each hole in the disk passed by, one scan line of the image was reproduced.
Much is made of the word's two spellings: whisky and whiskey.
In the United States, two kinds of pint are used: a liquid pint and a less-common dry pint .
In the Blundell collection is a bas-relief of a temple with double doors, each leaf with five panels.
In stark contrast with its SSI and MSI predecessors, the first LSI implementation of the PDP-11 contained a CPU composed of only four LSI integrated circuits.
Analysis of five high school biology textbooks used in the United States for inclusion of the nature of science."
Dampeners come in two main types.
There are three subsets to the collodion process
Patricia Leavy addresses eight arts-based research genres: narrative inquiry, fiction-based research, poetry, music, dance, theatre, film, and visual art.
In plying, two or more yarns are spun together, almost always in the opposite sense from which they were spun individually
The next three biggest orders, depending on the biological classification scheme used, are the Primates including the apes, monkeys and lemurs
His team plays with nine players for the duration.
There are three main boulevards, named Little Boulevard, Grand Boulevard and Hungária Boulevard.
Sea urchins have a set of five sharp calcareous plates which are used as jaws and are known as Aristotle's lantern.
On the morning of 18 August 1901, four masked men, described as "urban bushrangers", held up an eastbound horse tram in Riversdale Road, Melbourne, just past Power Street.
They could be in one colour only, woven in different colours , ornately woven or embroidered .
Two to four troops comprise the main elements of a squadron.
The word dumpster has had at least three trademarks associated with it by Dempster Brothers, but today it is often used as a genericized trademark.
As they proved wildly popular, a small experiment involving five stores rapidly grew to cover more than one hundred stores.
Parallax error results from the viewfinder being offset from the lens axis, to point above and usually to one side of the lens.
They appear in allegorical representation as early as in the Katha Upanishad , as five horses drawing the "chariot" of the body, guided by the mind as "chariot driver".
According to Kitaro Nishida, "knowledge of things in the world begins with the differentiation of unitary consciousness into knower and known and ends with self and things becoming one again.
In spherical geometry, a spherical rectangle is a figure whose four edges are great circle arcs which meet at equal angles greater than 90°.
James Stagg, RAF meteorologist who was responsible for three teams of meteorologists predicting a lull for June 6, 1944, which allowed the landings in Normandy.
Tilting three-wheelers keep all three wheels on the ground when they lean to negotiate curves.
Most strategic planning, which develops operational plans for preferred futures with time horizons of one to three years, is also not considered futures.
The final tournament involves 12 teams, following an increase from eight teams in 2004.
Power generally ranges from four to seven horsepower.
There is risk of a crush when crowd density exceeds about four people per square meter.
With respect to these three different modes of life prevalent among raccoons, Hohmann called their social structure a "three-class society".
In Romania, a decree was established that aggressively promoted population growth, banning contraception and abortions for women with fewer than four children, despite the wretched poverty of most families.
It simply blanked the screen after three minutes of inactivity .
One experiment described four features of the rat's larynx.
The three key ingredients for coastal dune formation are a large sand supply, winds to move said sand supply, and a place for the sand supply to accumulate.
They may be one, two or three miles wide and their hilly surface, dotted over with boulders, contains many small lakes in basins or hollows, instead of streams in valleys.
All three terms are occasionally used in a mocking or patronising manner by political opponents.
For example, Iguana hearts, like the majority of the squamates hearts, are composed of three chambers with two aorta and one ventricle, cardiac involuntary muscles.
It is generally designed to give about three steps of warning to the highest-level players using the field.
Star: The original Dodge was a circle, with two Greek deltas intertwined representing the letter "D", forming a six-pointed star in the middle
Hair follows a specific growth cycle with three distinct and concurrent phases: anagen, catagen, and telogen phases
As a color of low intensity, brown is a tertiary color: a mix of the three subtractive primary colors is brown if the cyan content is low.
The one pole is optimistic, progressive, and business-oriented, and endorses the classic idea of progress.
Balaenopterids consist of two genera and eight species.
The first recorded battle, the Battle of the Ten Kings, happened when an Hindu Aryan king named Sudas defeated an alliance of ten kings and their supportive chieftains.
Furthermore, there are more complex resonance modes involving three, four, five and even all six boundary surfaces combining to create standing waves.
Thus no less than six of South Africa's Elite Seven high schools call themselves "college" and fit this description.
It features a new World Tour mode that unlocks songs from seven global destinations as a player progresses, as well as authentic customs, local rhythms and native dance styles.
They were evicted after eight hours.
Service alternates game by game between the two players or teams.
Here the instrument has three strings tuned G3–D4–A3 , and the bridge is flattened with the instrument playing chords in a strongly rhythmic manner.
In informal matches, three or four players per side are also common.
The four most general reasons that lead to destruction of wildlife include overkill, habitat destruction and fragmentation, impact of introduced species and chains of extinction.
Within two weeks of starting to write On the Road, Kerouac had one single-spaced paragraph, 120 feet long.
Insulae in Rome and other imperial cities reached up to ten or more stories, some with more than 200 stairs.
Thus, mass and energy do not change into one another in relativity
This includes a colour plate showing five styles of purse, of which three were intended to be crocheted with silk thread.
The squid mantle cavity is a seawater-filled sac containing three hearts and other organs supporting circulation, respiration, and excretion.
In 1883, points were introduced to football, and a touchdown counted as four points.
The coffee drink mix comes to the stores as a thick black syrup which is mixed at three parts water to one part syrup in a Slurpee machine.
The fossil of another genus was found with three embryos in the same position.
The economic downturn cut into the sales of both four and five stinged banjos, and by World War 2, banjos were in sharp decline, the market for them dead.
Apart from being linked to data networks, one key point is its ability to automatically download necessary software routines, according to a user's demand, and process their needs.
However, because of the ambiguity of relying on the underlying hardware design, the unit octet was defined to explicitly denote a sequence of eight bits.
There are four quarts in a gallon, the imperial pint is defined as 0.56826125 litres and there are 20 imperial fluid ounces in an imperial pint.
For a destination to be truly sustainable it must have an equal balance among the three pillars.
Superfatted soap is more skin-friendly than one without extra fat, although it can leave a "greasy" feel.
The cloth is usually under five meters in length.
Other results in geometry and topology, including the four color theorem and Kepler conjecture, have been proved only with the help of computers.
The name comes from the shape of early suspensions, which were two concentric rings of Bakelite material, joined by six or eight curved "legs."
The flowers are bright red and 3 cm in diameter, with three to seven petals.
This arch stretches from the heel bone over the "keystone" ankle bone to the three medial metatarsals.
Double seat saddles have two pairs of stirrups and two deep padded seats for use when double-banking or riding double with a child behind an adult rider.
Then the ice and the water are said to constitute two phases within the 'body'.
There was a yearly limit of five games that a licensee may produce for a Nintendo console.
A block and tackle is assembled so one block is attached to fixed mounting point and the other is attached to the moving load.
There are six volumes and each includes a special promotional card.
The basic movement is performed in four steps and known as a "four-count burpee".
The climax of the show which was big for the time was that in three days seventy four gladiators fought.
The three ancestral species in the genus Citrus associated with modern Citrus cultivars are the mandarin orange, pomelo, and citron.
They may hang vertically or hang flat, suspended from three or more points on one side.
There are three dachshund coat varieties: smooth coat , longhaired, and wirehaired.
Japan is divided into 47 prefectures and traditionally into eight regions.
The sport of boxing has two internationally recognized boxing halls of fame
By 2004 all three were designated as "endangered."
Fewer than one dozen sets of tools survive in libraries and museums.
The muscular abdomen has six segments and has a thinner shell than the carapace.
When two pieces of liquid glass are pressed together, they will usually weld very readily.
The two teams advanced simultaneously and met in the middle with excellent accuracy, something that was extremely difficult in that time.
In most major economies using coinage, copper, silver and gold formed three tiers of coins.
For example, in World War II, American Alaska-class cruisers were more than 30,000 tons, equipped with nine 12 in guns.
When searching for the word "anagram," meaning a rearrangement of letters from one word to form other valid words, Google's suggestion feature displays "Did you mean: nag a ram?"
The plan also envisaged the paydown of Argentina's growing public external debt, then around US$8 billion, within four years.
Together with the phalanges of the fingers and thumb these metacarpal bones form five rays or poly-articulated chains.
Iron is able to take on two crystalline forms , body centered cubic and face-centered cubic, depending on its temperature.
But since nearly one billion cell phones are produced each year, a gold value of 50 cents in each phone adds to $500 million in gold from just this application.
Cluster signals in Australia and New Zealand use six signals, the sixth being a red arrow that can operate separately from the standard red light.
Spanish pieces of eight minted in Mexico or Seville were the standard trade currency in the American colonies.
Alternative characters with accents and emoji can be typed from the keyboard by pressing the letter for two seconds and selecting the alternative character from the popup.
When engaged at moderate ranges, the lack of protection combined with unsafe ammunition handling practices became tragic with the loss of three of them at the Battle of Jutland.
The techniques are sequenced contingently in three phases of treatment: prevention, intervention, and postvention.
Octopuses have eight limbs like other coleoids but lack the extra specialised feeding appendages known as tentacles which are longer and thinner with suckers only at their club-like ends.
While most states no longer accept new PA license applicants, four states still accept PA applicants for practice privileges within the state.
There are pieces for cello solo, J. S. Bach's six Suites for Cello , Kodály's Sonata for Solo Cello and Britten's three Cello Suites.
The corporal and one or two privates rode on the horses pulling the limber, while a couple of privates rode on the ammunition chest lid seat.
Broadly, there seem to be four models: the teacher as manager of instruction
In building a maze by "adding walls", one lays out a set of obstructions within an open area.
According to Vinci Autoroutes one third of accidents in French motorways are due to sleepy driving.
David Hume listed virtues into two categories in his work A Treatise of Human Nature as artificial virtues and natural virtues.
Malay and Indonesian villagers practice the culture of helping one another as a community, which is better known as "joint bearing of burdens" .
Steeping the fruit in boiling salt water for five minutes also reduces the astringency.
In bcc, each atom is positioned at the center of a cube of eight others.
The cat was once partnering with the first dog before the latter broke an oath they had made which resulted in enmity between the descendants of these two animals.
Besides economic reasons, the seven colors method gave more freedom to artists and was less time-consuming.
Heat output can be measured by Heat cost allocators, so that each unit can be individually billed even though there is only one centralized system.
Confetti is a mockumentary which sees three couples competing to win the title of "Most Original Wedding of the Year".
They are arranged in three main layers at altitudes of 45 to 65 km that obscure the planet's surface and can produce virga.
The blue Dobermann has the color gene with at least one dominant allele and the dilution gene with both recessive alleles .
From such a set of three colors, in principle all others can be mixed, as in a classical technique no white is used.
Lighter-than-air types are characterised by one or more gasbags, typically with a supporting structure of flexible cables or a rigid framework called its hull.
Many types of porcelain in the past have been fired twice or even three times, to allow decoration using less robust pigments in overglaze enamel.
The United States of America Snowboarding Association features three different divisions which include alpine, freestyle, and boardercross.
The most common penalty is five points.
The Pulqui project opened the door to two successful Argentinian planes: the IA 58 Pucará and the IA 63 Pampa, manufactured at the Aircraft Factory of Córdoba.
The square pyramid, with a square base and four triangular outer surfaces, is a common version.
A cross dowel is a cylindrically shaped metal nut that is used to join two pieces of wood.
Lisle is composed of two strands that have each been twisted an extra twist per inch than ordinary yarns and combined to create a single thread.
For RNA viruses, each segment often codes for only one protein and they are usually found together in one capsid.
The jaws of a large great white shark may have up to five layers.
There are four basic types of permanent anchors used in moorings:Dead weights are the simplest type of anchor.
The Kennedy Compound is an example of one family building surrounded by large houses on a single plot.
There are seven areas that may be listed as possible vocal resonators.
Champ de Mars has four classic events a year such as: Duchess of York Cup, Barbé Cup, Maiden Cup and the Duke of York Cup.
The following year he used it to operate a small model electric car on a short section of track four feet in diameter.
While football continued to be played in various forms throughout Britain, its public schools are widely credited with four key achievements in the creation of modern football codes.
It was a bat-like design run by a lightweight steam engine of his own invention, with four cylinders developing 20 horsepower , driving a four-blade propeller.
An elevated walkway frequently ran around two or three sides of the courtyards in the houses.
The celebration takes place during the four days before Shrove Tuesday.
Sales targets were set to one million timepieces for 1983 and 2.5 million the year after.
In this volume, Luria summarized his three-part global theory of the working brain as being composed of three constantly co-active processes which he described as the
Researchers have identified five dimensions that commonly appear in the racial socialization literature: cultural socialization, preparation for bias, promotion of mistrust, egalitarianism, and other.
In some designs, the ware is left in one place, while the heating zone moves across it.
Japanese also has two terms that refer specifically to the color green, 緑 and グリーン .
This enables the body to make "keep or spit out" decisions when there is more than one tastant present. "
Composite plate material can be a combination of any two dissimilar metals to optimize heat transfer characteristics and improve griddle performance.
In these cases, the three wrestle each other in pairs with the first to win two in a row take the tournament.
Ancient Greek philosophers identified five forms of love: essentially, familial love , friendly love or platonic love , romantic love , guest love and divine love .
A traditional design, the grapnel is merely a shank with four or more tines.
While family-owned motels with as few as five rooms could still be found, especially along older highways, these were forced to compete with a proliferation of Economy Limited Service chains.
Genetic analyses have tested the existence of three of these putative subspecies.
Crossbow technology for crossbows with more than one prod was transferred from the Chinese to Champa, which Champa used in its invasion of the Khmer Empire's Angkor in 1177.
In endospermic seeds, there are two distinct regions inside the seed coat, an upper and larger endosperm and a lower smaller embryo.
There are two main forms of aiming in archery: using a mechanical or fixed sight, or barebow.
Here one or two people could pray without being part of a communion/congregation.
In Euclidean geometry any three points, when non-collinear, determine a unique triangle and simultaneously, a unique plane .
Nunchaku consist of two sections of wood connected by a cord or chain, though variants may include additional sections of wood and chain.
There are two main world organisations: International Rope Skipping Federation , and the World Jump Rope Federation .
Bats have five elongated digits, which all radiate around the wrist.
Pianos can have over 12,000 individual parts, supporting six functional features: keyboard, hammers, dampers, bridge, soundboard, and strings.
The winners may have to compete in later stages or rounds until there is just one winner.
The flowers are white, rarely tinted yellow or pink, 2–4 centimetres diameter, and have five petals.
Though these four mechanisms function independently, they are nevertheless coordinated in the establishment of a vocal technique and are made to interact upon one another.
Hence, 6d8 means the player should roll six eight-sided dice and add the results.
In Bhaji on the Beach , nine Indian women of various ages flee from their everyday lives by taking a joint excursion to the British resort town of Blackpool.
In an analysis of Russian fairy tales, Vladimir Propp concluded that the majority of stories had only eight "dramatis personae", one being the villain.
When a rainbow appears above a body of water, two complementary mirror bows may be seen below and above the horizon, originating from different light paths.
He favored the four single strings of the Cremonese instrument, which were tuned the same as the Neapolitan.
There are five digits attached to the hand, notably with a nail fixed to the end in place of the normal claw.
Refrigeration does not assure the safety of garlic kept in oil, requiring use within one month to avoid bacterial spoilage.
Subsequently, four goaltenders have scored empty-net goals in the CHL: Phil Groeneveld of the Fort Worth Fire scored against the Thunder in Wichita, Kansas, on November 20, 1995
Strategy is a high level plan to achieve one or more goals under conditions of uncertainty.
Similarly, most human color perceptions can be generated by a mixture of three colors called primaries.
In July 1879, the Post Office of India introduced a quarter anna postcard that could be posted from one place to another within British India.
In total, the platoon comprises 29 soldiers, of whom eight are vehicle crew.
There were three attempts to keep grey whales in captivity.
In May 2017, K Crush magazine selected the five best Bboys in China, namely Bboy Devil, Bboy Boss, Bboy NoName, Bboy Marbles, and Bboy lil-chao.
Tin has ten stable isotopes, with atomic masses of 112, 114 through 120, 122, and 124, the greatest number of any element.
The back wheels straddled two rows, and the unit could cultivate four rows at once.
The usual formal training period for a chef is two to four years in catering college.
Mattozzi and Merlo argue that there are two main career paths which are typically followed by politicians in modern democracies.
A pivot window is a window hung on one hinge on each of two opposite sides which allows the window to revolve when opened.
And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom."
Modern commercial apple orchards, by contrast and as one example, are often "high-density" and in extreme cases have up to 9000 trees per acre.
Examples of people who played more than one sport professionally include Jim Thorpe, Lionel Conacher, Deion Sanders, Danny Ainge, Babe Zaharias and Erin Phillips.
Men compete on six events: Floor Exercise, Pommel Horse, Still Rings, Vault, Parallel Bars, and Horizontal Bar, while women compete on four: Vault, Uneven Bars, Balance Beam, and Floor Exercise.
Jig dancers employed a repertoire of "hits" on the heel or toe, ""hops" on one foot, "springs" off both feet as well as various slides and shuffles.
Out of respect for his adversary's prowess in battle, the God converted the two halves as an integral part of himself.
A skete is a small monastic establishment that usually consist of one elder and two or three disciples.
As in the British Forces, there are normally three messes: the Officers' Mess , for commissioned officers and officer cadets
Canvas comes in two basic types: plain and duck.
The posterior fontanelle usually closes by eight weeks, but the anterior fontanel can remain open up to eighteen months.
Landed clubs can be run by members on democratic lines or by one or more owners who make the rules.
Ultra-high vacuum chambers, common in chemistry, physics, and engineering, operate below one trillionth of atmospheric pressure , and can reach around 100 particles/cm3.
The common person was doing well if he could buy a mattress after seven years of marriage.
In some areas the signs were so dense that one almost immediately followed the last.
The riff from Charlie Parker's bebop number "Now's the Time" re-emerged four years later as the R&B dance hit, "The Hucklebuck".
A healthy vine should produce about 50 to 100 beans per year, but growers are careful to pollinate only five or six flowers from the 20 on each raceme.
The first attested usage of the word, in 1481, was in the sentence, "A yearde in whiche was a shadde where in were six grete dogges".
Special Cash Sweeps were at first drawn twice a year, and increased to three times a year later given its popularity.
As of 1939, when the Second World War started, their artillery, although changed, was still close to cruiser standards, amounting to nine heavy naval guns .
The base has four rubber-like pads 16 on the opposite side from the resilient material to refrain the pad from sliding on the surface of a table, for instance.
Preschools provide education from ages approximately three to seven, depending on the country when children enter primary education.
By three weeks of age, coyote pups bite each other with less inhibition than wolf pups.
Gloves worn by the fighters must be twelve ounces in weight unless the fighters weigh under 165 pounds , thus allowing them to wear ten ounce gloves.
The industry is also working on a direct-injected "clean two strokes" that is better in terms of NOX emissions.
In the 1890s a new smaller style of telephone was introduced, packaged in three parts.
The irrational fear can branch out to many areas such as the hereafter, the next ten years or even tomorrow.
The reins can be attached in any of the three slots along the shanks, resulting in a snaffle or curb action as required.
Supermoto uses motocross bikes converted for racing on tracks consisting of three sections: flat dirt, dirt obstacles, and paved road.
The horse's four legs and hooves are also unique structures.
Of the intrinsically variable stars, the primary types can be subdivided into three principal groups.
There are eyespots at the ends of the arms, each one made of 80–200 simple ocelli.
Working through his grief, Parker eventually develops tentative feelings toward Watson, and the two "become confidants rather than lovers".
Different drug habits often relate to one another in a highly significant manner.
There are three main types of modern hive in common use worldwide:the Langstroth hivethe Top-bar hivethe Warre hiveMost hives have been optimized for Apis mellifera and Apis cerana.
Both onsite and online learning have distinct advantages with traditional on-campus students experiencing higher degrees of incidental learning in three times as many areas as online students.
It could send up to two images per second over Japan's Personal Handy-phone System cellular network, and store up to 20 JPEG digital images, which could be sent over e-mail.
About half of the new posts are now two medium posts with crosshatched metal posts in-between instead of one large pole to minimise the damage in case of a crash.
Three of the five practitioners also reported back pain.
Bamboo—which matures after three years to the wide diameter and thick skin perfect for scaffolding—came from the Shaoxing area in Guangdong.
From his groomsmen, the groom usually chooses one to serve as best man.
A Chinese greeting, Bao Quan Li , features the right fist placed in the palm of the left hand and both shaken back and forth two or three times
The relative activation of the three different cones is calculated by the brain, which perceives the color as blue.
In 1955, Egypt hanged three Israelis on charges of spying.
The prismatic subsets D2d has the same coloring as the previous one and D2h has alternating colors for its sides for a total of three colors, paired by opposite sides.
It also often refers to a figure that resembles two semicircles joined by a rectangle, like a cricket infield, speed skating rink or an athletics track.
In addition, one or two technical officials may be present to advise during a ruling.
Masai men in Africa greet one another by a subtle touch of palms of their hands for a very brief moment of time.
Other sizes, with ten rows and ten columns, are used in Omega Chess and Grand Chess.
The Canadian application was opposed in August 2005, by a Canadian company called Comwave who themselves applied for the trademark three months later.
The Indian text Upanishads, written between 900 and 500 BC, emphasizes two meanings of dreams.
There are fifty-two indicators in three areas or dimensions: Basic Human Needs, and Foundations of Wellbeing and Opportunities which show the relative performance of nations.
Newton's three laws are:A body either is at rest or moves with constant velocity, until and unless an outer force is applied to it.
The length of tournaments was extended from ten to fifteen days in 1949.
Otto Lilienthal designed and flew two different biplane hang gliders in 1895, though he is better known for his monoplanes.
Childcare is generally broken into three general categories such as governmental institutions, religious organizations, and independent agencies .
The infield is a rigidly structured diamond of dirt containing the three bases, home plate, and the pitchers mound.
The final three hillocks are derived from the upper part of the second pharyngeal arch and form the antihelix, antitragus, and earlobe.
The auto industry has not settled on one definition of the SUV either.
For example, the "second cousin once removed" relationship is a "second-degree cousin" with one removal.
The nine-headed Lernaean Hydra that Hercules defeated and the three Gorgon sisters are children of Gaia, the earth.
If two discrete polymers are inextensible, then the minimal-distance transformation between them no longer involves purely straight-line motion, even on a Euclidean metric.
For both terms to apply, in Wisconsin, a divided highway must be at least four lanes wide
Also completed during this period was the nuclear-powered USS Long Beach, with two Terrier and one Talos launchers, plus an ASROC anti-submarine launcher the World War II conversions lacked.
The L valve could be used to permit disconnection of both or connection of either but not both of two inlets to one outlet.
It must increase in strength after application, and finally it must be able to transmit load between the two surfaces/substrates being adhered.
In a period from 1998 to the third of July 2013, there were six parasailing fatalities in the Florida area.
Each subframe consists of ten words, each 30 bits long.
All four canonical gospels state that, either during or after the Last Supper, Jesus foretold of Peter's denial and that he would deny Christ three times before the cock's crow.
In the first circle, the division is made of five sections on the diameter, each section of five eyes width.
When the traffic signal with three aspects is arranged horizontally or sideways, the arrangement depends on the rule of the road.
One theory suggests that certain products are placed together or near one another that are of a similar or complementary nature to increase the average customer spend.
Color in diamond has two additional sources: irradiation , that causes the color in green diamonds, and plastic deformation of the diamond crystal lattice.
There are two main brands of cider produced in South Africa, Hunters and Savanna Dry.
The existence of two sexes seems to have been selected independently across different evolutionary lineages .
The three countries jointly hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup.
With time the definitions between these two have often become interchanged, equated, and frequently appear juxtaposed in the same sentence.
By 1808 there were seven shops making and selling umbrellas in Paris
The two differ in the number of syllables in the second wak of the final bat and inter-stanza rhyming rules.
In the Imperial household, the pharmacist was even ranked above the two personal physicians of the Emperor.
The Ketuvim is the last of the three portions of the Tanakh to have been accepted as biblical canon.
Some ocarina makers bypass these physical limitations by creating ocarinas that have two or three resonating chambers, each with their own windway and labium.
There are four general types of guardrail, ranging from weakest and inexpensive to strongest and expensive
Some species of spider have four pairs of book lungs but most have two pairs.
The crest of Glasgow Celtic Football Club originally included a shamrock which was changed in 1938 to a four leaved clover for reasons that remain unclear.
A six gun is a revolver that holds six cartridges.
The two people who discovered these first envelopes were Jacques de Morgan, in 1901, and Roland de Mecquenem, in 1907.
As a result, the populations of the five major mammalian game species are thought to be quite low .
There were also differences in the microhabitat preferences of the individual tiger and leopard followed over five months
A falcon chick, especially one reared for falconry, still in its downy stage, is known as an eyas .
Brazilian passports contain four languages: Portuguese, the official country language, Spanish, because of bordering nations, English and French.
These include four which surround the central city, Bealey Avenue, Fitzgerald Avenue, Deans Avenue, and Moorhouse Avenue, and also Riccarton Avenue, which traverses the large central city park, Hagley Park.
Seahorses exhibit four phases of courtship that are indicated by clear behavioral changes and changes in the intensity of the courtship act.
They have cylindrical bodies, with ten segments to the abdomen, generally with short prolegs on segments 3–6 and 10
These two technologies have largely replaced the older nickel metal-hydride batteries.
The three major classes of metamorphic rock are based upon the formation mechanism.
Flight dynamics is the science of air vehicle orientation and control in three dimensions.
In agnya vichāya, one contemplates on seven facts – life and non-life, the inflow, bondage, stoppage and removal of karmas, and the final accomplishment of liberation.
Spandex fibers are produced in four ways: melt extrusion, reaction spinning, solution dry spinning, and solution wet spinning.
The strings are paired in courses as in a modern 12-string guitar, but they only have four or five courses of strings rather than six single strings normally used now.
Multiple religions, both ancient and contemporary, require or advise one to allow their hair to become dreadlocks, though people also wear them for fashion.
The remaining Japanese ships withdrew, except for the four transports, which beached themselves in the night and started unloading.
Donald Guarisco for AllMovie gave the film three and a half out of five stars, praising the acting and musical score.
The tower has four clock faces, two of which are 43 m in diameter, at about 400 m high.
Rounds were three minutes with one-minute rest intervals between rounds.
And at a higher level one may deliberately cultivate the idea that one has become the deity, whilst remaining aware that its ultimate nature is śūnyatā.
Horses four years old are considered mature, although the skeleton normally continues to develop until the age of six
He distinguishes four types of crowds: casual, conventional, expressive, and acting.
In Germany, the address is generally formatted as follows:The postal code always consists of five digits.
These strategies target risk factors at all four levels of the ecological model.
Joseph Gillier even published the first chocolate waffle recipe, featuring three ounces of chocolate grated and mixed into the batter, before cooking.
Marsupials typically have forked penises, while the echidna penis generally has four heads with only two functioning.
The foreleg ends in a delicate tarsus used as a walking appendage, made of four or five segments and ending in a two-toed claw with no arolium.
Some cruisers could also carry three or four seaplanes to correct the accuracy of gunfire and perform reconnaissance.
Among hunters, a collection of three hares or three creatures of any kind, especially greyhounds, foxes, and deer, is called "a leash".
The stigma is placed either in the mouth of the tube, just above two whorls of three anthers, or hidden well below the anthers.
Besides French, there exist 77 vernacular minority languages of France, eight spoken in French metropolitan territory and 69 in the French overseas territories.
However, they split after the 1959 Cuban Revolution into three groups: the one most opposed to the Peronist alliance, led by Catholic priest Julio Meinvielle, retained the original hard-line stance
Borrowing from the LaserDisc format, the DVD standard includes DVD-10 discs with two recorded data layers such that only one layer is accessible from either side of the disc.
In the mid 1900s, the MGM and Disney media companies popularized magic wands via four films in which wands were wielded by benevolent female fairy characters.
Thorny-headed worms rarely infect wolves, though three species have been identified in Russian wolves: Nicolla skrjabini, Macrocantorhynchus catulinus, and Moniliformis moniliformis.
Following the Aśoka style of Indic writing, two new calligraphic types appear: Kharoṣṭī and Brāhmī.
Empedocles spoke of four elements of which everything was made: earth, water, air, and fire.
Current slang retains at least some use of all three of these common meanings.
The process itself includes four phases of development:Concept and Technology Development: is intended to explore alternative concepts based on assessments of operational needs, technology readiness, risk, and affordability.
Alternatively if one thinks one is superior, the result is grief.
The traditional Apache coming-of-age ceremony for girls is called the na'ii'ees , and takes place over four days.
Since three factors affect muscular strength simultaneously and muscles never work individually, it is misleading to compare strength in individual muscles, and state that one is the "strongest".
In this experiment, across the four age groups "shame free" guilt was shown to correlate with anger management strategies.
In 1986 there were a number of rolling industrial actions around the country, culminating when five thousand Victorian nurses went on strike for eighteen days.
Squid have a main systemic heart that pumps blood around the body as part of the general circulatory system, and two branchial hearts.
Its former numbers are difficult to estimate, but one ornithologist, Alexander Wilson, estimated one flock he observed contained over two billion birds.
Limbs have been lost or reduced independently over two dozen times across lizard evolution, including in the Anniellidae, Anguidae, Cordylidae, Dibamidae, Gymnophthalmidae, Pygopodidae, and Scincidae
This pattern continued until 1961 when eight people were killed.
The top eight clubs play in their own Super 8s, also contested as a single round robin.
The history of Philippine horseracing has three divisions according to the breeds of horses used.
Scott Allison and George Goethals uncovered evidence for "the great eight traits" of heroes consisting of wise, strong, resilient, reliable, charismatic, caring, selfless, and inspiring.
Title IVTelecommunication Relay ServicesRequires telephone companies to have TRS seven days a week, twenty-four hours a day.
A given stadium may acquire a reputation as a pitcher's park or a hitter's park, if one or the other discipline notably benefits from its unique mix of elements.
For Habermas, these three spheres are the domain of experts, and therefore need to be mediated with the "lifeworld" by philosophers.
Parakeets produce about three to eight eggs on average.
The axe head is typically bounded by the bit at one end, and the poll at the other, though some designs feature two bits opposite each other.
In others they are one or more rotating disks or a set of oscillating blades.
Gordana Gelhausen, who appeared in season six of the television show Project Runway, is primarily a knit designer.
Pugs have two distinct shapes for their ears, "rose" and "button". "
For home storage, most cultivars of apple can be held for approximately two weeks when kept at the coolest part of the refrigerator .
Females often fiercely defend their cubs from a usurping male but are rarely successful unless a group of three or four mothers within a pride join forces against the male.
As the first two methods suggested by Pasteur were inappropriate for the treatment of human tissue, Lister experimented with the third, spraying carbolic acid on his instruments.
These two branches may be further divided into more specialized disciplines.
In 1904, the big three wire services opened relations with Vestnik, the news agency of Czarist Russia, to their group, though they maintained their own reporters in Moscow.
Woks are wide, roughly bowl-shaped vessels, with one or two handles at or near the rim.
Another old example of organoiron compound is iron pentacarbonyl, Fe5, in which a neutral iron atom is bound to the carbon atoms of five carbon monoxide molecules.
Dual nationality was considered a problem that caused conflict between states and sometimes imposed mutually exclusive requirements on affected people, such as simultaneously serving in two countries' military forces.
While these three or four groups, loosely circumscribed, are an informal arrangement, they probably contain several distinct clades in their entirety.
There are three common types, the view camera with its monorail and field camera variants, and the press camera.
Now all three terms are also used for markers placed at the head of the grave.
If the follower shows high commitment and effort followed by additional rewards, both parties develop mutual trust, influence, and support of one another.
The rank insignia for a Police Inspector is two stars.
He described four automaton musicians, including drummers operated by a programmable drum machine, where they could be made to play different rhythms and different drum patterns.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway's 1948 operating rules define a train as: "An engine or more than one engine coupled, with or without cars, displaying markers.
Some keychains allow one or both ends the ability to rotate, keeping the keychain from becoming twisted, while the item is being used.
An exterior angle measures the amount of rotation one has to make at a vertex to trace out the polygon.
The market order has been invoked during six crop years: 1962 , 1963 , 1970 , 1971 , 2000 , and 2001 .
The four major broadcast television networks are all commercial entities.
ECEC services can be broken down into three different time periods and models which were implemented.
There are six types of materials commonly used for whiteboard surfaces:MelamineA resin-infused paper which is typically used over a substrate that can range from particle board to MDF .
Through any three points, not all on the same line, there lies a unique circle.
Pledge drives, a type of annual giving, commonly occur about three times each year, usually lasting one to two weeks each time.
In practice, all three of these criteria cannot be met simultaneously using existing materials
About three weeks after birth, their eyes open.
It is then developed over a series of ten defined steps with the smaller circle imposed partially over the larger circle at the lower end at the fourth stage.
Lion cubs are born blind – their eyes open around seven days after birth.
A crotch or fork is an area where a trunk splits into two or more boughs.
An exception is five-part gospel a cappella music, where the lead is the highest of the five voices and sings a descant and not the melody.
If a striker's ball goes off, there is no penalty, it comes back on three feet and the turn continues.
There are at least four means of moving an elevator:Geared and gearless traction elevatorsGeared traction machines are driven by AC or DC electric motors.
A typical regiment/unit would have one mess and two clubs, one for the commissioned officers, club for the Junior Commissioned Officers and one for the NCOs.
Black cockatoos appear to replace their flight feathers one at a time, their moult taking two years to complete.
When initially ordered by Romania in 1913, the Romanian specifications envisioned three 120 mm guns, a caliber which would eventually be adopted as the standard for future Italian destroyers.
Generally written in a single vertical line, the haiku contains three sections totalling 17 onji, structured in a 5-7-5 pattern.
It is composed of only one phase.
On this show, three players answer questions to earn cards in order to win cash and ties are not allowed.
If one defines rhythm as "a pause incorporated into a sequence", then there can be rhythm in paintings.
The sport requires sufficient area on a smooth stretch of water, one or two skis, a tow boat with tow rope, three people , and a personal flotation device.
The key benefit is the power itself, which only takes one axle to provide.
Illinois farmer Sarah Frey is called "the Pumpkin Queen of America" and sells around five million pumpkins annually, predominantly for use as lanterns.
In Papua and West Papua, two of the 34 provinces of Indonesia, a distrik is a subdivision of a regency or a city.
This theory uses only three of Aristotle's four causes: formal, material, and final.
They divided the genus into eight sections: Lotoidea, Paramesus, Mistyllus, Vesicamridula, Chronosemium, Trifolium, Trichoecephalum, and Involucrarium, with Lotoidea placed most basally.
The hair color gene MC1R has at least seven variants in Europe, giving the continent a wide range of hair and eye shades.
Müller designed a new type of clarinet with seven finger holes and thirteen keys.
Surviving from the 3rd century BC is a collection of six literary hymns by the Alexandrian poet Callimachus.
As M2 increases by one unit, housing prices will rise by 0.0618 in a study conducted in Hong Kong.
An important one is that a flame's color does not necessarily determine a temperature comparison because black-body radiation is not the only thing that produces or determines the color seen
The Qiang that were produced in the Song and Ming dynasties consisted of four major parts: Spearhead, Shaft, End Spike and Tassel.
They have three sails: the mainsail, jib, and spinnaker.
With two crew on the 12 and 13 footer and three on the 16 and 18 these are still heavily crewed boats for their size.
Exports of one particular shark catfish species from Vietnam, Pangasius bocourti, have met with pressures from the U.S. catfish industry.
In the US, they are common in these three sizes : Standard , Queen , and King .
In one mechanism, two opposing coils with an over-center spring or permanent magnet hold the contacts in position after the coil is de-energized.
At age 59 and six months, the penalty-free status is achieved and the 10% IRS penalty no longer applies.
In its place, two general types of football evolved: "kicking" games and "running" games.
Commonly, in sexual reproduction of unicellular and colonial algae, two specialized, sexually compatible, haploid gametes make physical contact and fuse to form a zygote.
ATBs are generally staffed as a large tugboat, with between seven and nine crew members.
It may occur more frequently in private situations, such as spontaneous sexual activity among three friends, or arranged in a community of like-minded swingers or planned as a once-only experience
A canopy bed is similar to a four poster bed, but the posts usually extend higher and are adorned or draped with cloth, sometimes completely enclosing the bed.
The euphonium is sometimes referred to as a tenor tuba and is pitched in B♭, one octave higher than the BB♭ contrabass tuba.
The last living survivor, Millvina Dean from England, who at only nine weeks old was the youngest passenger on board, died aged 97 on 31 May 2009.
Moose lack upper front teeth, but have eight sharp incisors on the lower jaw.
In specific cases, with no children, real property, alimony, or common address, can be completed within one hour.
The four highest Shaker virtues were virgin purity, communalism, confession of sin – without which one could not become a Believer – and separation from the world.
Each function has variables with three subscripts as its arguments.
On this basis, taxonomic classifications now divide the order Decapoda into the two suborders: Dendrobranchiata for the largest shrimp clade, and Pleocyemata for all other decapods.
The other two are macroscopic approaches.
A hole in one occurs when a golfer sinks their ball into the cup with their first stroke from the tee.
Of all recent turtles, the cervical column consists of nine joints and eight vertebrae, which are individually independent.
A single tile is a member of two suits: for example, 0-3 belongs both to the suit of threes and the suit of blanks, or 0 suit.
He constantly irritated his fellow spectators by noisily crunching peanuts and laughing loudly, until two of those fellow spectators knocked him out with their mallets .
Symbols can carry symbolic value in three primary forms: Ideological, comparative, and isomorphic.
A community orchestra or university ensemble may have ten or even fifteen rehearsals over several months to prepare a major symphony
Folding chairs are generally low-end designs, whose predominant advantage is being able to fold, generally by bringing the two sides together.
Genomic amplification occurs when a cell gains copies of a small chromosomal locus, usually containing one or more oncogenes and adjacent genetic material.
In the Basidiomycetes, usually four spores develop on the tips of thin projections called sterigmata, which extend from club-shaped cells called a basidia.
Whilst she was being repaired in the mouth of the Endeavour River Cook observed the tides over a period of seven weeks.
Only eight gold pennies are known to survive.
They perform in the tercio de varas which is the first of the three stages in a Spanish bullfight.
After about one year, the young animals are weaned.
The association of particular patterns with individual clans and families can be traced back perhaps one or two centuries.
She traveled the 150 miles trip to Albany in a little over 32 hours and made the return trip in about eight hours.
Only three innings were completed in the heat that day, with Yale ending up as the victor winning 3 to 2.
Some academics studying the subject have divided religions into three broad categories:world religions, a term which refers to transcultural, international religions
Aquatic eggs normally hatch within one week when the capsule splits as a result of enzymes released by the developing larvae.
There are six generic types of meeting space, each supporting different activities.
The MTBF of a better pump may be one to four years longer than that of its non-upgraded counterpart.
Some speak of three to four 'Courts', other as many as ten.
Since the two doublets can be identical this design is sometimes called a symmetrical eyepiece.
The five most popular trades are: Retail Salesperson , Clerk , Car Mechanic , Hairdresser , Cook .
The abdomen of all mantises consists of 10 tergites, with a corresponding set of nine sternites visible in males and seven visible in females.
Precooling within one to two hours post-harvest to storage temperature, generally 0 °C, via forced air cooling increases the storage life of berries by about a third.
Clean sand is hauled in and spread to a depth of four to eight inches .
Convolution is used to add two independent random variables defined by distribution functions.
Fifteen years later, four other Armenians owned coffeehouses.
While diverse in the amount of variation available in the dance, breakdancing mainly consists of four kinds of movement: toprock, downrock, power moves and freezes.
The terms universal and custom fit mats differentiate between floor mats that will fit a multitude of different cars and those that are specifically designed to fit only one chassis.
For example, the European Union has identified three broad areas of competences that teachers require:Working with othersWorking with knowledge, technology and information, andWorking in and with society.
The virginal is a smaller and simpler rectangular form of the harpsichord having only one string per note
Classic tabbies each have a light-colored "butterfly" pattern on the shoulders and three thin stripes running along the spine.
The commonly used Köppen climate classification system has five broad groups , which are further divided into more specific subtypes.
There are also four dvärgar , named Norðri, Suðri, Austri and Vestri, and probably the four stags of Yggdrasil, personify the four winds, and parallel the four Greek wind gods.
After the first three Family Dog events, a much larger psychedelic event occurred at San Francisco's Longshoreman's Hall.
Having beatmatched two songs, the DJ can either seamlessly cross fade from one song to another, or play both tracks simultaneously, creating a layered effect.
All three main parts are sealed in an oil-filled housing.
Straight hands of five cards are sometimes used as a final showdown, but poker is almost always played in a more complex form to allow for additional strategy.
One geneticist was sceptical of this study and maintained that the currently recognised nine subspecies can be distinguished genetically.
There are three types of pupae: obtect, exarate or coarctate.
Skis have four aspects that define their basic performance: length, width, sidecut and camber.
In 1992, the United States outlawed the use of "Rule of 78s" interest in connection with mortgage refinancing and other consumer loans over five years in term.
It takes shorter time to heat than the heat-storage sauna, about one hour.
Suntans can provide a modest sun protection factor of 3, meaning that tanned skin would tolerate up to three times the UV exposure as pale skin.
There are three steps to the arm movement: outsweep, insweep, and recovery.
Females deliver a single calf with gestation lasting about a year, dependency until one to two years, and maturity around seven to ten years, all varying between the species.
The Ebers Papyrus from Early Egyptians that dates from 1550 B.C.E. describes some eight hundred different medicinal remedies and numerous medicinal procedures.
Eight airports use the word London in their name, but most traffic passes through six of these.
It seems to make the fog "tangible", as if one could "grab a handful".
The six major keiretsus are the Mitsubishi, Sumitomo, Fuyo, Mitsui, Dai-Ichi Kangyo and Sanwa Groups.
Boston, Massachusetts had a distillery three years later.
Dragons were also identified with the Emperor of China, who, during later Chinese imperial history, was the only one permitted to have dragons on his house, clothing, or personal articles.
A ball moving through air experiences two major aerodynamic forces, lift and drag.
Under the Communication Requirement, two of the HASS classes, plus two of the classes taken in the designated major must be "communication-intensive", including "substantial instruction and practice in oral presentation".
Currently, US Army rifle squads consist of nine soldiers, organized under a squad leader into two four-man fire teams.
A trigger pad could contain up to four independent sensors, each of them capable of sending information describing the timing and dynamic intensity of a stroke to the drum module/brain.
The blade has two edges to enable use in either direction, and by either hand.
Test matches are played over five days and first-class over three to four days
Temperature scales differ in two ways: the point chosen as zero degrees, and the magnitudes of incremental units or degrees on the scale.
An image is produced by controlling the intensity of each of the three electron beams, one for each additive primary color with a video signal as a reference.
Features of the capitulum include the basis capitulum, two palps, two cutting chelicerae, and hypostome.
Seljuk domes included conical, semi-circular, and pointed shapes in one or two shells.
GLONASS can be added to GPS devices, making more satellites available and enabling positions to be fixed more quickly and accurately, to within two meters .
Layered toothpaste requires a multi-chamber design , in which two or three layers extrude out of the nozzle.
Certain models, such as the Barlet, had a double shift so that each key performed three functions.
Giant pandas — five clawed fingers plus an extra-long sesamoid bone beside the true first digit that, though not a true digit, works like an opposable thumb.
Stallions and geldings have four additional teeth just behind the incisors, a type of canine teeth called "tushes".
Otherwise known as the International Scale of River Difficulty, below are the six grades of difficulty in white water rafting.
One reviewer wrote that Ringo Starr's third venture, Ringo, "echnically... wasn't a solo album because all four Beatles appeared on it".
Fifteen New Jersey municipalities currently have a type of Town, nine of which operate under the town form of government.
Mountain cove: A small valley, closed at one or both ends, in the central or southern Appalachian Mountains which sometimes results from the erosion of a geologic window.
There may be only one car for a lower risk client.
Then at the end of the 16th century, three correct solutions were published within ten years, by Michael Varro , Simon Stevin , and Galileo Galilee .
In left-hand pizzicato, two fingers are put on the string
Because of the offsides rule, this means the opponent plays with six attackers versus five defenders plus the goalie.
Codifications date back millennia, with one early example being the Babylonian Codex Hammurabi.
If this blastomere then undergoes a twinning event, two embryos will be formed, with different paternal genetic information and identical maternal genetic information.
He also questioned the division into three of what is really a single landmass, a debate that continues nearly two and a half millennia later.
Other restaurants may serve only a single meal or they may serve two meals .
And, using dependency analysis, there are six phrases in the sentence.
Hungarian-Austrian composer György Ligeti called for four ocarinas in his Violin Concerto, completed in 1993.
Discoteques had a law where for every three men, there was one woman.
In a simple model, three gene activities interact in a combinatorial manner to determine the developmental identities of the organ primordia within the floral meristem.
A biologging study with six free-living cheetahs in Namibia revealed that their elevated body temperature did not compromise their chasing prey.
For example, sodium has one valence electron in its outermost shell, so in ionized form it is commonly found with one lost electron, as Na+.
Tandem paragliders, designed to carry the pilot and one passenger, are larger but otherwise similar.
Rule change in 2006:The four and seven meter lines were merged to a five-meter line.
Following its release, Pong consistently earned four times more revenue than other coin-operated machines.
The platoon maintains its battery of ten ceremonially-modified World War II-vintage M-5 anti-tank guns at the Old Guard regimental motor pool.
The first interconnected traffic signal system was installed in Salt Lake City in 1917, with six connected intersections controlled simultaneously from a manual switch.
There are three main trihydroxides: bayerite, gibbsite, and nordstrandite, which differ in their crystalline structure .
The classical clarinet of Mozart's day typically had eight finger holes and five keys.
Clovers occasionally have four leaflets, instead of the usual three.
In 2003, Bornholm County merged with the local five municipalities, forming the Bornholm Regional Municipality.
Where a geological region contains more than one plain, they may be connected by a pass .
DVD-18 discs effectively combines the DVD-9 and DVD-10 disc types by containing four recorded data layers such that only one layer set is accessible from either side of the disc.
There are over 16,000 known species of bees in seven recognized biological families.
A natural death following retirement is also likely for three individuals who died at 38, 45, and 48 years respectively.
The Hells are situated in the seven grounds at the lower part of the universe.
It had been cut down to make it into a column, presumably for one of the early Christian churches in the area of Old Dongola.
The methods to create these images depend on the animator and style that one wants to achieve .
According to the Imperial Household Department, she was buried with at least three water pipes
Information was gathered by the tool for over four years, during which it autonomously tracked the most contagious information spreading in the blog community, ranking it by recency and popularity.
This is achieved in four ways: no-ball, a penalty of one extra conceded by the bowler if he breaks the rules
Three groups specialize in simple sugars , and two other groups in complex sugars .
The branchial hearts have two atria and one ventricle each, and pump to the gills, whereas the systemic heart pumps to the body.
Although a century can mean any arbitrary period of 100 years, there are two viewpoints on the nature of standard centuries.
The benthic zones are aphotic and correspond to the three deepest zones of the deep-sea.
There are also three simple eyes on the forehead which can detect light intensity, a pair of antennae containing olfactory and touch receptors, and mouthparts containing gustatory receptors.
On March 12, an unexpected northeaster hit New England and the mid-Atlantic, dropping up to 50 in of snow in the space of three days.
The Swedish meteorological institute defines winter as when the daily mean temperatures are below 0 °C for five consecutive days.
Tool substitution may be divided broadly into two classes: substitution "by-design", or "multi-purpose", and substitution as makeshift.
Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges: they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false "waists" in the cephalothorax to mimic the three distinct regions of an ant's body
This is thought to be because the Moon fused from two different bodies.
These four instruments have proved the most popular of all of Sax's creations, with the E♭ contrabass and B♭ bass usually considered impractically large and the E♭ sopranino insufficiently powerful.
The basic dome design has been modified extensively, producing tents with three poles, tents with irregularly-shaped bases, and other unusual types.
Under certain conditions a river can branch from one stream bed to multiple stream beds.
Lizards typically have rounded torsos, elevated heads on short necks, four limbs and long tails, although some are legless.
The floodway of the Bonnet Carré Spillway in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, is crossed by three wooden trestles each over 1.5 miles in length.
This is common for "parallel" plays that make up to eight words in one turn.
In some locations, an advanced life support ambulance may be crewed by one paramedic and one EMT-Basic.
This shortfall in funds for maintenance results in three main options: charge much higher prices for new burials, obtain some other kind of public subsidy, or neglect maintenance.
The arrays of airfoils are set in rows, usually as pairs: one rotating and one stationary.
In naval architecture, the term transom has two meanings.
Time has historically been closely related with space, the two together merging into spacetime in Einstein's special relativity and general relativity.
Weather occurs primarily due to air pressure, temperature and moisture differences between one place to another.
Because of the prize money and prestige associated with this event, four new catamarans over 100 feet in length were built to compete.
Collectively, two of the species have eight subspecies .
The leaves are 10–25 cm long, odd pinnate, with five to 9 leaflets on petioles, each leaflet up to 8 cm long, with a serrated margin
The sulfide minerals are chemical compounds of one or more metals or semimetals with a sulfur
The alloys of the other three metals have been developed relatively recently
The disturbance caused by one bottle exploding could cause a chain reaction, with it being routine for cellars to lose 20–90% of their bottles this way.
However, some forks with more than three tines are also used for handling loose material such as hay or silage.
Mary was often depicted wearing a red cloak in early paintings, and the spots of the seven-spot ladybird were said to symbolise her seven joys and seven sorrows.
However, Australian Thoroughbred racing defines colts and fillies as less than four years old.
In imperial units, many globes are made with a diameter of one foot , yielding a circumference of 3.14 feet and a scale of 1:42 million.
The habitable part is raised about three feet from the ground
Cut culms are immersed in a running stream and weighted down for three to four weeks.
Another festival in Managua celebrates patron saint Domingo de Guzman and lasts ten days.
In music, a quartet or quartette is an ensemble of four singers or instrumental performers
In July 2005, FINA changed the rules to allow one dolphin kick at the start and at each turn, this change taking effect on 21 September 2005.
Tests of six competing FM-only systems were conducted on KDKA-FM in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during July and August 1960.
This is used for trade between the two currency zones.
A co-cathedral is a second cathedral in a diocese that has two sees.
With this approach, the bass drum was usually played on beats one and three .
In the Roman system, each month had three fixed points known as Kalends , the Nones and the Ides.
In China, there are five directions of the compass
In the Hadith of Gabriel, Iman in addition to Islam and Ihsan form the three dimensions of the Islamic religion.
Signals that travel along these nerves arise from two paired cardiovascular centres in the medulla oblongata.
The comments made by reviewers fall, roughly into two categories: technical comments and subjective/artistic comments.
Aladdin had an unlimited number in the original story, but was restricted to three wishes in the 1992 Disney film.
Super Fun 21 allows a player to split a hand up to four times.
There are three exceptions according to the 2003 International Building Code Section 1012.3 which allow openings to not exceed 8" or 21" depending on occupancy groups or special areas.
These trees seldom grow above 3 m in height and they get smaller as one gains altitude, so that by 180 m they are waist-high.
The Super 8s will feature the top eight Super League sides.
As the example below shows, the second half of the big four pattern is the habanera rhythm.
The heart is associated with the small intestine, tongue, governs the six organs and five viscera, and belongs to fire in the five elements.
In the cartoon Mucha Lucha, there are four things that make up the code of mask wrestling: honor, family, tradition, and doughnuts.
In a 19th-century American etiquette book one finds: "Black is becoming, and young widows, fair, plump, and smiling, with their roguish eyes sparkling under their black veils are very seducing".
There were three great cycles of swashbuckler films: the Douglas Fairbanks period from 1920 to 1929
This limited the size of the gift to food ingredients for at most several days, or other necessities for one to two weeks.
There is at least one vertebrate, the spookfish, whose eyes include reflective optics for focusing of light.
A coupé is fixed-roof car with a sloping rear roofline and one or two rows of seats.
But if they defraud the company to the value of even one dollar in plate, jewels or money, they shall be marooned.
These four characteristics were repeatedly observed by scientists such as Robert Boyle, Jacques Charles, John Dalton, Joseph Gay-Lussac and Amedeo Avogadro for a variety of gases in various settings.
By 1492, Madeira was producing over three million pounds weight of sugar annually.
For competitions, male gymnasts wear two layers of clothing.
Originally, the concept of mentoring functions was developed based on qualitative research in a organizational context with functions being subsumed under two major factors: psychosocial support and career-related support .
The insignia for a staff sergeant is three chevrons, worn point down surmounted by a royal crown.
Each team has four mounted riders, and the game usually lasts one to two hours, divided into periods called chukkas .
It is the informal name of the cent unit of account in Canada, although one cent coins are no longer minted there.
Tidal energy can be extracted by two means: inserting a water turbine into a tidal current, or building ponds that release/admit water through a turbine.
SW 7.1 After the start and after each turn, the swimmer may take one arm stroke completely back to the legs during which the swimmer may be submerged.
For college it averages four years for a bachelor's degree and two years master's degree.
The three Abrahamic religions regard Saturday as the seventh day of the week.
Row-crop tractors, before ROPS, were particularly dangerous because of their 'tricycle' design with the two front wheels spaced close together and angled inward toward the ground.
An equation is written as two expressions, connected by an equals sign .
These islands arise from volcanoes where the subduction of one plate under another is occurring.
After six months to a year, they were promoted to Fähnrich .
Since 1986, compulsory education in China comprises primary and junior secondary school, which together last for nine years.
Internal combustion engines used with lawn mowers normally have only one cylinder.
Many neighbourhoods were formed by joining one siheyuan to another to form a hutong, and then joining one hutong to another.
The certification classes apply solely to ladders that are portable such as stepladders and extension ladders and are broken down into three types of certification.
A local-express lane system has more than two roadways, typically two sets of 'local lanes' or 'collector lanes' and also two sets of 'express lanes'. "
After US Customs and Border Protection was established with the merging of the above two agencies, the inspectors were retitled Customs and Border Protection Officers and merged their responsibilities.
For best results, eggs should be placed with the pointed ends down and turned regularly until one to three days before hatching.
All four major English networks and the two largest Spanish networks also carry political talk programs on Sunday mornings
Defoe proposed the creation of a language society of 36 individuals who would set prescriptive language rules for the approximately six million English speakers.
A vehicle or permanent campus containing one or more telescopes or other instruments is called an observatory.
The Plössl is an eyepiece usually consisting of two sets of doublets, designed by Georg Simon Plössl in 1860.
Lastly, if you break open the sand dollar, five doves will come out, the doves of Peace and Joy.
Each county has its own county council whose representatives are elected every four years together with representatives to the municipal councils.
These open cupboards typically had between one and three display tiers, and at the time, a drawer or multiple drawers fitted to them.
At minimum ten muscles are required to smile in which only the upper lip and corners of the mouth are lifted.
This occurs for one day at latitudes near 9 degrees from the Pole and extends up to several weeks the further towards the Pole one goes.
Members holding the rank usually wear an epaulette featuring three silver pips, the same rank badge as a captain in the army.
There are some games, however, for which even seven riffle shuffles are insufficient.
Other historically themed events such as Victorian, maritime, and large-scale festivals of history such as the one organised by English Heritage regularly employ juggling acts as part of the event.
One had two shoulder straps and was decorated with lace in the cleavage.
The five stages are:denialangerbargainingdepressionacceptanceThe theory holds that the stages are a part of the framework that helps people learn to live without what they have lost.
The band has released two live albums titled 9.0: Live and Day of the Gusano: Live in Mexico, a compilation album titled Antennas to Hell, and five live DVDs.
In 1966, rugby league officials borrowed the American football concept of downs: a team was allowed to retain possession of the ball for four tackles .
Wantha Davis was known to have won over 1,000 races in the 1930s, 40s and 50s, including a famous 1949, six furlong match-race against Johnny Longden at Agua Caliente.
The principle that Britain's navy should be more powerful than the two next most powerful fleets combined was established.
The feathered dinosaur Microraptor gui glided, and perhaps even flew, on four wings, which may have been configured in a staggered sesquiplane arrangement.
Breaststroke is the slowest of the four official styles in competitive swimming.
These two senses are distinct.
As little as ten minutes of exercise , can improve cognitive abilities.
They involve denying the unpredictability of random events: "I haven't rolled a seven all week, so I'll definitely roll one tonight".
Bootcamp Adventure Zone in Gujarat has four outlets, three in Ahmedabad and one in Statue of Unity, Vadodara.
There are three major elements of a maiko's training.
The draconic year, draconitic year, eclipse year, or ecliptic year is the time taken for the Sun to complete one revolution with respect to the same lunar node .
A more recent molecular analysis agrees on the phylogenetic relationship between the four extant hyaenidae species .
In chemistry, two elements that would otherwise qualify as brittle metals—arsenic and antimony—are commonly instead recognised as metalloids, on account of their predominately non-metallic chemistry.
In the Eastern Roman Empire, from about the seventh century, "count" was a specific rank indicating the commander of two centuriae .
Non-FCI kennel clubs generally recognize three sizes, standard, miniature, and toy, sometimes as sizes of the same breed and sometimes as separate breeds.
Because automobile gasoline is flammable, an occupancy separation is often required between the two should there be a vehicle fire.
A material in which the first three factors exist cannot be accepted as an explosive unless the reaction can be made to occur when needed.
Irrespective of type, any cut pieces of onion are best tightly wrapped, stored away from other produce, and used within two to three days.
Several Lincoln Premier cars were also built, one being owned by Elvis Presley.
Ohio University includes three primary quadrangle residential lawns, also known as "greens," that have dormitories surrounding the central area per each.
There are three factors that significantly affect the ability to sing higher or lower:The energy factor – "energy" has several connotations.
The flowers are white to pale pink, 3–5 cm diameter with five petals, produced singly or in pairs and appearing before the leaves in early spring.
Tragic dramatists were required to present a tetralogy of plays , which usually consisted of three tragedies and one satyr play .
In France, the address is generally formatted as follows:The postal code always consists of five digits.
The ship's wrought-iron paddlewheels were 16 feet in diameter with eight buckets per wheel.
It is unnatural, and one is physically unable, to have a laugh structure of "ha-ho-ha-ho".
Coupelet: A small car seating two or three with a folding top and full height doors with fully retractable windows.
In 2004, 37 people were killed in a stampede when four million people gathered for a rumored Lantern Festival firework display in nearby Miyun.
A flight usually ranges from a dozen people to over a hundred, or typically four aircraft.
Aristotle's four causes prescribed that four "why" questions should be answered in order to explain things scientifically.
The ten judges are also known as the 10 Kings of Yama.
In 2004, Wong donated seven miniatures of scenes of Chinatown, titled "The Chinatown Miniatures Collection", to Chinese Historical Society of America .
If smaller corners are cut off we get a polyhedron with six octagonal faces and eight triangular ones.
An impressive improvement in quality has taken place over ten years when the former rice-grain-shaped pebbles are compared with the near round pearls of today.
The opera sinfonia, or Italian overture had, by the 18th century, a standard structure of three contrasting movements: fast, slow, fast and dance-like.
He is said to have written the following three plays: Malati-Madhava, Mahaviracharita and Uttar Ramacharita.
A century before that, during the 15th century, the three colours were mentioned as the coastal signals for this area, with the three bands straight or diagonal, single or doubled.
Between 2011 and 2014 Paolo Macchiarini of the Karolinska University Hospital performed eight operations in which he generated an artificial trachea from a person's stem cells
Pokémon Pocket Monsters and Pokémon Adventures are the two manga in production since the first generation.
In ancient China, nobles sometimes made a point of visiting Mount Tai and, on occasion, all five Sacred Mountains.
Each star point was meant to stand for each of the nine members of the original band, with at least one member, Chris Fehn, possessing a nonagram tattoo.
For example, to raise the temperature of water by one kelvin requires 4186 joules per kilogram .
But the former chord progression is independent of the later one and vice versa."
A "triple stop" with three simultaneous notes is possible in some circumstances.
Currently, the CMR schedule includes eight competition dates spanning from March to November.
In old times, people in India used hand made pens made from thin bamboo sticks by simply peeling them on one side and making a nib-like pattern at the end.
Even knights gave each other the kiss of peace before proceeding to the combat, and forgave one another all real or imaginary wrongs.
The color wheel theory of love defines three primary, three secondary and nine tertiary love styles, describing them in terms of the traditional color wheel.
The peach genome sequence is composed of 227 million nucleotides arranged in eight pseudomolecules representing the eight peach chromosomes .
The phase-two key switch located on the COP has three positions: off, on, and hold.
Milestone's initial run lasted four years, during which it introduced Static, a character adapted into the WB Network animated series Static Shock.
Weaning occurs after six or seven months.
Aristotle's classificatory scheme had included the five predicables, or characteristics that might be predicated of a substance.
The two peaks are not equal.
Healing can require up to eight weeks and scarring may occur.
The study surveyed the practices of jurisdictions within 44 US states and nine Canadian provinces.
Modern jetliners are usually low-wing designs with two engines mounted underneath the swept wings .
Italians, Hungarians and Romanians usually kiss twice in a greeting and in Mexico and Belgium only one kiss is necessary.
About one-half the size of the Montreal canoe, it could carry about 35 packs weighing 41 kg and was manned by four to eight men.
These counties are traditionally grouped into four provinces: Leinster , Munster Connacht and Ulster .
Two of the six stamens have shorter filaments.
The Grads also shone on several exhibition trips to Europe, and won four consecutive exhibition Olympics tournaments, in 1924, 1928, 1932, and 1936
Ruminants have four compartments , whereas llamas have only three stomach compartments: the rumen, omasum, and abomasum.
People who use modern general purpose computers usually see three layers of software performing a variety of tasks: platform, application, and user software.
Today five series are in production: the classic manual transmission PX and the modern CVT transmission S, LX, GT, and GTS.
As seen aboard Titanic, all White Star Line passenger ships divided their Third Class accommodations into two sections, always at opposite ends of the vessel from one another.
Peter Drucker identifies marketing as a key essence for business success, but management and marketing are generally understood as two different branches of business administration knowledge.
Prior to planting disinfection by hot water takes place, such as immersion at 44.4 °C for three hours.
If, however, one identifies with the perpetrator, the violent act is regarded in a more sympathetic, if not positive light
The latter are typically simple, light, single-piece, half-face masks and employ the first three mechanical filter mechanisms in the list below to remove particulates from the air stream.
Some fireworks are restricted to adults , may be sold to private persons only on three days before Silvester and may be used only on Silvester or New Year .
Instead, it combines with the N-terminal groups on the four globin chains.
Research done by John Cooksey categorizes male voice change into five stages, and most middle school boys are in the early stages of change.
Very high positions are a particular technical challenge, for two reasons.
They tend to have robust bodies and have tube feet with flat-tipped suckers usually arranged in four rows.
The Tornado catamaran was designed by three Englishmen for a crew of two in 1967 as an Olympic catamaran candidate.
Gould classifies tops into six main types : twirler, supported top, peg-top, whip-top, buzzer, and yo-yo.
The fermentation process has three phases, collectively sometimes referred to as population dynamics.
There are two main systems that dictate how these additional chambers are tuned: the Asian system and the Pacchioni system.
Except for those just-named three large cities, the governance system of a Russian municipality is subordinate to the representative council of the federation in which it is located.
The contraction of special "shaker" muscles in the tail causes these segments to vibrate against one another, making the rattling noise in a behavior known as tail vibration.
At a more practical level, the question translates into one about how to make transnational policing institutions democratically accountable .
A receiver who has one , two or three consecutive chances to win the game has break point, double break point or triple break point, respectively.
As well, traditional Jewish culture dictates that there are six genders.
Its four formal steps as a "ladder" were defined by the monk Guigo II in the 12th century with the Latin terms lectio, meditatio, oratio, and contemplatio .
These devices are intended to provide protection to one or more types of records as evidenced by the assigned Class rating or ratings
All three were expanded minor league facilities, although Baltimore and the Met were constructed with the idea of expanding to major league level in mind.
In Guatemala, breakfast consists of one or two eggs either fried, scrambled, or boiled accompanied by baked/fried beans with coffee.
With only a few exceptions, primates retain plesiomorphic hands with five digits, each equipped with either a nail or a claw.
Exceptionally, the mer of Moscow, Saint-Petersburg and Sevastopol are equivalent to governors in Russia, since these three federal cities are Russian federal subjects.
Neither the Army nor the Navy could contract more than six months in advance for fuel and they could not supply the funds for plant expansion.
Straw yields are variable, ranging from one to three tonnes per hectare, mainly due to available nutrients and the variety used .
However, it was overtaken by the Sears Tower in Chicago within two years.
The two compounds are mixed in a reaction vessel to produce a prepolymer.
In contrast, the five overseas regions used the French franc and now use the euro.
When the game score reaches three points each, the receiver chooses which side of the court the service is to be delivered on the seventh and game-deciding point.
In Austria, the address is generally formatted as follows:The postal code always consists of four digits.
All three protons can be successively lost to yield H2PO−4, then HPO2−4, and finally PO3−4, the orthophosphate ion, usually just called phosphate.
Outdoor or field polo lasts about one and a half to two hours and consists of four to eight seven-minute chukkas, between or during which players change mounts.
Some have as many as seven strings.
From birth to four months, infants should consume breast milk or an unmodified milk substitute.
He was impressed with the skill of the vaqueros, and invited three to Hawai'i to teach the Hawaiian people how to work cattle.
But technically, the three stages of dusk are as follows.
New tropical cyclone position and forecast information is available at least every six hours from the various warning centers.
Tali were large dice inscribed with one, three, four, and six on four sides.
Papilio butterflies possess six types of photoreceptors and may have pentachromatic vision.
Among sayings attributed to Muhammad include one stated as: "He who visits my grave will be entitled to my intercession."
There are four recommended methods to protect wood-frame structures against durability hazards and thus provide maximum service life for the building.
His lightweight motocycle came in at 675 pounds, could seat four people plus cargo, and would probably sell for about $600 in a large quantity production.
The fawn coloration is the least common, occurring only when both the color and dilution genes have two recessive alleles .
Orchid flowers primitively had three stamens, but this situation is now limited to the genus Neuwiedia.
Made of six to 12 sails covered in reed matting or cloth material, these windmills were used to grind grain or draw up water.
The original XFL standardized its playing fields so that all eight of its teams had uniform fields with the XFL logo in each end zone and no team identification.
These species are in all likelihood part of the Indo-Australian radiation that produced the three small subfamilies mentioned above, with the fruit doves and pigeons .
Officers generally patrolled in pairs with two pairs assigned to each foot patrol.
All other players must remain behind the free-throw line until execution and the defending field players must keep a distance of three meters.
The New York State Gaming Commission database lists just four equine deaths on Dutrow’s record in New York, and only one on the racetrack.
Nintendo's online "Wrist Strap Replacement Request Form" allows owners to receive up to four free straps when a Wii serial number and shipping details are provided.
A gladiator might expect to fight in two or three munera annually, and an unknown number would have died in their first match.
Common skills that these three certification levels may practice are summarized in the table below.
The low power flippers required three pairs around the playfield to get the ball to the top.
Mount Etna and nearby Stromboli, two Mediterranean volcanoes in "almost continuous eruption" since antiquity.
GPS requires four or more satellites to be visible for accurate navigation.
All these dune shapes may occur in three forms: simple , compound , and complex .
These mechanical clocks were intended for two main purposes: for signalling and notification , and for modeling the solar system.
All individuals of one or more species within a prescribed area.
As of 2018, three manufacturers offer a propane-fuel full-size school bus , along with Ford and General Motors Type A chassis.
It had seven gates, through which a soul needed to pass.
Usually two to three different shelves are used.
The modern shortboard began life in the late 1960s and has evolved into today's common thruster style, defined by its three fins, usually around 180 to 210 cm in length.
This has introduced additional difficulties for law enforcement officials when attempting to distinguish one usage from another in drivers using their devices.
Nick Hornby's A Long Way Down has four narrators, who also are its main characters.
According to Hegel in Science of Logic, the dialectical methods consists of three steps.
A new Promotion/Relegation Series will occur beginning with the 2012 season of J. League Division 2, conditional on the top two JFL teams fulfilling J. League club criteria.
There is always one more point per inch than there are teeth per inch .
IDEO interprets the balanced team as a composition of three discrete factors: desirability, feasibility, and viability.
The degrees from them varied from one to another and those advanced Shuyuan such as Bailudong Shuyuan and Yuelu Shuyuan can be classified as higher institutions of learning.
Early saxophones had two separate octave keys operated by the left thumb to control the two octave vents required on alto and larger saxophones.
The training period for a chef is generally four years as an apprentice.
Today banjolin describes an instrument with four strings, while the version with the four courses of double strings is called a mandolin-banjo.
There are three ranks in the Russian Armed Forces which are explicitly sergeant ranks: junior sergeant , sergeant and senior sergeant .
It used copper rimfire cartridges stored in a removable seven round tube magazine, enabling the rounds to be fired one after another.
The iPhone has a minimal hardware user interface, with most models featuring five buttons.
In animal anatomy, tentacles usually occur in one or more pairs.
Unlike horses, oxen are not easily able to balance on three legs while a farrier shoes the fourth.
Newton's three laws of motion were the first to accurately provide a mathematical model for understanding orbiting bodies in outer space.
In early 1992, radio astronomers Aleksander Wolszczan and Dale Frail announced the discovery of two planets orbiting the pulsar PSR 1257+12.
Some plants with morphophysiological dormancy, such as Asarum or Trillium species, have multiple types of dormancy, one affects radicle growth, while the other affects plumule growth.
This style of debate generally centers on three main contentions, although a team can occasionally use two or four.
There are also fewer than ten pilot whales, Amazon river dolphins, Risso's dolphins, spinner dolphins, or tucuxi in captivity.
Greta Garbo was the one non–native English speaker to retain Hollywood stardom on both sides of the great sound divide.
At the junior level , regattas require each rower to weigh in at least two hours before their race
The applicable passage of the statute reads: "A Mile shall contain eight Furlongs, every Furlong forty Poles, and every Pole shall contain sixteen Foot and an half."
NSU produced the most advanced design, but after the deaths of four NSU riders in the 1954–1956 seasons, they abandoned further development and quit Grand Prix motorcycle racing.
A triprotic acid can undergo one, two, or three dissociations and has three dissociation constants, where Ka1 > Ka2 > Ka3.
Typically, there are three grips used: overhand , a mixed overhand-underhand grip, or a hook grip.
The four string plectrum and tenor banjos did not eliminate the five-string variety.
The Egyptians had created a synthetic colour, Egyptian blue, three thousand years BC, but the formula had been lost.
The square is divided into four sections, color coded: Red - flammability
These disciplines are part of the FEI World Equestrian Games every four years and may hold their own individual World Championships in other years.
The drive axle is a split axle with a differential and universal joints between the two half axles.
Inigo Jones became the quintessential designer of these productions, and this style was to dominate the English stage for three centuries.
These speeches are each four minutes long.
Children learn to verbally discriminate between above-below relations around the age of three, and learn left-right linguistic labels between the ages of six and seven
The four women in the corners of the mosaic represent the four seasons.
When stored under less ideal conditions, cabbage can still last up to four months.
For almost five centuries, local Greek communities throughout Istanbul celebrated Carnival with weeks of bawdy parades, lavish balls, and street parties.
This process takes three main forms :Exploratory research, which helps to identify and define a problem or question.
A simple one is the median of three rule, which estimates the median as the median of a three-element subsample
It involves one or more students being taught by a teacher or instructor.
Studies performed on twins found that rarely did only one twin have an addiction.
It was Leigh Taylor-Young's first film in eight years.
Decrees on marriage of the Roman Catholic Council of Trent made the validity of marriage dependent on the wedding occurring in the presence of a priest and two witnesses.
Besides two flagpoles mentioned above, the previous six world-record flagpoles were all built by American company Trident Support, and the rest are in: Ashgabat, Turkmenistan: 133 m
At the Church of Saint Senara in Zennor, there is a famous chair decorated by a mermaid carving which is probably six hundred years old.
Southern Egypt was divided by three kingdoms each centered on a powerful city.
The network has 39 stops and four routes, and carried 28 million people in 2013.
About eight percent of Canada's forest is legally protected from resource development.
PCs typically had either one or no game ports at all.
Size nine shot is the smallest size normally used for hunting and is used on small upland game birds such as dove and quail.
Except for lines, the simplest examples of algebraic curves are the conics, which are nonsingular curves of degree two and genus zero.
The standard version is played in seven rounds.
The 3 to 4 cm flowers are white with a pink tinge that gradually fades, five petaled, with an inflorescence consisting of a cyme with 4–6 flowers.
Logos is the one principle at work, that gives order to the manifold in the world."
There are four types of mattress coils:Bonnell coils are the oldest and most common.
Kittens open their eyes about seven to ten days after birth.
The pupillary light reflex caused by adjustment to light takes around five minutes in people with healthy eyes, so squinting and pain after that could be a sign of photophobia.
Auctions can be categorized into three types of procedures for auctions depending on the occurrence of a price development during an auction run and its causes.
The famous late Gothic series of seven tapestry hangings The Hunt of the Unicorn are a high point in European tapestry manufacture, combining both secular and religious themes.
Two six pointed stars and a red chalice are the most important surviving features.
Fabric Ramps usually cease to be useful after one tidal cycle as they are easily washed away, or buried in sediment.
Somalis were the third largest group with one million.
The rank insignia for byeong-jang is four horizontal bars, which also indicates that the rank is not an NCO rank, but a senior private rank.
The best index fossils are common, easy to identify at species level and have a broad distribution—otherwise the likelihood of finding and recognizing one in the two sediments is poor.
The Warring States period ended in 221 BCE after the state of Qin conquered the other six kingdoms, reunited China and established the dominant order of autocracy.
As of 2010, the volatile profiles of seven black and six white truffle species have been studied.
Philosophical skepticism is generally any questioning attitude or doubt towards one or more items of knowledge or belief which ascribe truth to their assertions and propositions.
Approximately five groups of bacteria are involved in digestion.
An ancient Roman car or chariot drawn by four horses abreast together with the horses drawing it was called a Quadriga, from the Latin quadriugi .
The bushes are not planted or genetically manipulated, but they are pruned or burned over every two years, and pests are "managed".
The colour seen is the combined effect of stimuli to, and responses from, these three types of cone cells.
Nairne sold natural rubber erasers for the high price of three shillings per half-inch cube.
A rainbow does not exist at one particular location.
The adult-figured doll was exactly what Handler had in mind, so she purchased three of them.
Such a society of angels can appear as one angel as a whole.
The first World Indoor Lacrosse Championship was held in 2003 and contested by six nations at four sites in Ontario.
Earth's atmosphere includes six latitudinal circulation zones, three in each hemisphere.
Moreover, Xu and Ngai distinguished two types of Moral Resources: Moral Resource-I and Moral Resource-II .
Professional shuckers require fewer than three seconds to open the shell.
However, his model had two crucial drawbacks.
The way that such church law is legislated, interpreted and at times adjudicated varies widely among these three bodies of churches.
The three levels of lecterns were intended to show the relative importance of the readings delivered there.
The plant produced a few hundred vehicles annually, and its output was limited to local consumption with five dealers in Russia.
A common prayer is "May the merit of my practice, adorn Buddhas' Pure Lands, requite the fourfold kindness from above, and relieve the suffering of the three life-journeys below.
The first six archdemons are produced by Ahriman in direct opposition to the holy immortals created by Ahura Mazda the principle of good.
A sphere is uniquely determined by four points that are not coplanar.
A 2020 study showed that depending on the method chosen, different taxonomic hypotheses recognizing from two to six species, can be considered for the genus Giraffa.
It is the most common one in all sizes for shows in Europe, and is allowed for adult poodles to be shown in the FCI countries.
Boxing's International Hall of Fame was inspired by a tribute an American town held for two local heroes in 1982.
The Fédération Cynologique Internationale recognizes four sizes of one breed: standard, medium, miniature, and toy.
Gestation in elephants typically lasts around two years with interbirth intervals usually lasting four to five years.
The five categories include experiencing shame and embarrassment, devaluing one's self-estimate, having an uncertain future, important others losing interest, upsetting important others.
A world bank document on Tanzania showed it was six times more expensive to institutionalise a child there than to help the family become functional and support the child themselves.
All four sides of a square are equal.
All four cardioid microphones are backward facing and angled at 60 degrees from one another, therefore similar to a semi-circle.
The PRCA crowns the World Champions at the National Finals Rodeo , in Las Vegas on the UNLV campus, featuring the top fifteen money-winners in seven events.
Disruptive patterns may use more than one method to defeat visual systems such as edge detection.
It traditionally has nine thongs as a result of the manner in which rope is plaited.
Ethiopia has at least seven more.
Home gardeners often plant a piece of potato with two or three eyes in a hill of mounded soil.
However, often at least one pair of timpani is included, though they rarely play continuously.
An optional removable bassinet can be attached at the top for the child to sleep in or be changed in until four months of age.
Play with other kittens peaks in the third or fourth month after birth, with more solitary hunting and stalking play peaking later, at about five months.
Nylon was even mentioned by President Roosevelt's cabinet, which addressed its "vast and interesting economic possibilities" five days after the material was formally announced.
Juvenile crocodilians replace teeth with larger ones at a rate as high as one new tooth per socket every month.
These five regimes progressively degenerate starting with aristocracy at the top and tyranny at the bottom.
The genus is generally considered to have about ten sections with approximately 50 species.
The six major types of maize are dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, flour corn, and sweet corn.
The two captains responsible, Evans and Pownall, received £65,000 each .
In some countries, particularly in some former communist countries, divorce can be obtained only on one single general ground of "irretrievable breakdown of the marriage" .
Bodybuilders often shorten these three steps into the well-known motto "eat clean, train hard, sleep well".
The flat top, called the "face" is highly polished and usually has two holes .
In this type the stigma lies in the mouth of the corona, extending beyond the six anthers, whose single whorl lies well within the corona.
The geographical and temporal pattern or spheniscine evolution corresponds closely to two episodes of global cooling documented in the paleoclimatic record.
Developed from a type of schooner known as Baltimore clippers, clipper ships had three masts and a square rig.
Gestation typically lasts 6–9 months, including delayed implantation, and litter size numbers up to four cubs.
Rabbits have muscled hind legs that allow for maximum force, maneuverability, and acceleration that is divided into three main parts
The design combined three semaphore arms with red and green gas lamps for night-time use, on a pillar, operated by a police constable.
The Mexican republic defeated the Conservatives and executed Maximilian and two prominent Mexican generals, definitively ending the Conservative attempt to reassert the power of the Catholic Church.
Octocorallia includes blue coral and soft corals and species of Octocorallia have polyps with an eightfold symmetry, each polyp having eight tentacles and eight mesenteries.
These techniques primarily include the cueing, equalization and audio mixing of two or more sound sources.
Efficient causation was connected with Aristotelian physics, which recognized the four elements , and added the fifth element .
In modern English orthography, the letter ⟨a⟩ represents at least seven different vowel sounds:the near-open front unrounded vowel /æ/ as in pad
Only two nations currently have purple or violet in their national flags, albeit both as ancillary colors.
Facemash attracted 450 visitors and 22,000 photo-views in its first four hours.
These effects can be described in three levels:The mood of individual group members.
So I said to the sound man, 'Why not use two mikes and two channels and combine the two tracks in printing?'"
In 1969–79 Soviet cruiser numbers more than tripled with ten Kresta II-class cruisers and seven Kara-class cruisers entering service.
On two occasions , the country was known as Imperio Mexicano .
Kane noted that within six issues he drew the character's jawline more pronounced, and lengthened the ears on the costume. "
In Russian and Ukrainian folklore, Zmey Gorynych is a dragon with three heads, each one bearing twin goatlike horns.
In artillery batteries, the firing platoon consists of six artillery sections, each containing one gun with its crew and prime mover .
Rather, in Judaism, one is to honour a idea of God, supported by the many principles quoted in the Talmud to define Judaism, mostly by what it is not.
A 1928 report on vegetables grown in New York State treats 'Zucchini' as one among 60 cultivated varieties of C. pepo.
Plants generally produce ovules of four shapes: the most common shape is called anatropous, with a curved shape.
From April 2016, nurses in the United Kingdom are expected to revalidate every three years which involves providing evidence of further development and active practice.
Usually consisting of eight or more courses, it may be accompanied by a matching wine degustation which complements each dish.
He described the Gandhara lutes as having a "pear-shaped body tapering towards the short neck, a frontal stringholder, lateral pegs, and either four or five strings".
They started to create five holes in each patty, which help them cook evenly and eliminate the need to flip the burger.
In addition, they provide for speedy transitions between various weights if one is doing multiple weights in quick succession.
There are ten different eye layouts—indeed every technological method of capturing an optical image commonly used by human beings, with the exceptions of zoom and Fresnel lenses, occur in nature.
BC 300 Charaka Samhita believed to be the oldest of the three ancient treatises of Ayurvedic medicine, including massage.
Chemical fuels are divided in two ways.
Lava can be broadly classified into four different compositions:If the erupted magma contains a high percentage of silica, the lava is called felsic.
According to the Ford Foundation, what distinguishes public markets from other types of related retail activity are three characteristics.
A pawl is a latch that will allow movement in one direction, but prevents return motion.
Within the vestibular apparatus the rabbit possesses three semicircular canals to help detect angular motion.
Once everyone has a number, each player takes it in turn to get their number five times with their three darts .
It consists of eleven segments in primitive groups and ten segments in more derived groups, the tenth and eleventh segments having fused.
By convention, each of the nine defensive positions in baseball is numbered.
A chaise, sometimes called chay or shay, is a light two- or four-wheeled traveling or pleasure carriage for one or two people with a folding hood or calash top.
When a player or team places an order, the order may look like this: six Johnny Bench models, ten Hank Aarons, four Mickey Mantles.
This continues for approximately four years until the final shape of the breast is established at about the age of 21.
Two pecks make a kenning , and four pecks make a bushel.
The volumes in the eight- and four-hour warrants may be reduced if five or more right-angle and cross traffic turn collisions have happened at the intersection in a twelve-month period.
In this period the weave got tighter and size expanded, with some examples more than four metres in length.
The Romans also used a 12-hour clock: daylight was divided into 12 equal hours and the night was divided into four watches.
E Deck, the Upper Deck, was predominantly used for passenger accommodation for all three classes plus berths for cooks, seamen, stewards and trimmers.
Vixens are in heat for one to six days, making their reproductive cycle twelve months long.
This is demonstrated in the Law of Fives, as well as in the Pentabarf, which contains five rules.
Whether in a medieval market or a small shop, "shopping always offered forms of exhilaration that took one away from the everyday".
The initial multichannel audio application was called 'Fantasound', comprising three audio channels and speakers.
For example, the Champawat Tiger, a tigress found in Nepal and then India, had two broken canines.
It was silly for European countries to fight against one another when they could still ... maintain social cohesion by continuous expansion in Asia and Africa.
In addition to R-rated sex comedies and horror films, cheerleaders became a staple of the adult film industry, starting with Debbie Does Dallas and its four sequels.
The Tallgrass Prairie Preserve in northeastern Oklahoma has been patch-burn grazed with bison herds for over ten years.
The three categories include International Development Association countries, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development countries, and Blend countries.
It captured the three color components in a multi-layer emulsion.
In general, three Citrus ancestral species synthesize relatively high quantities of furanocoumarins, whereas a fourth ancestral species is practically devoid of these compounds.
The event is held every four years and has 12 required sports
A seated rower pulls on one or two oars, which lever the boat through the water.
This is cause for much confusion, since five -channel home theater systems are not popularly described as "stereo".
Every one thinks chiefly of his own, hardly at all of the common interest
This sculpture and two others led to the declaration of Ladonia as an independent nation.
Buddhism, Christianity, and Judaism have associations with an ancient circular motif called the three rabbits .
The first, he says, about thirty years before, had many inhabitants, many holding leasehold estates under the lord of the manor for three lives.
The Olympic Games have five interlocked rings as their symbol, representing the number of inhabited continents represented by the Olympians .
The three main styles of breaststroke seen today are the conventional , undulating, and wave-style.
The Canadian Parliamentary debating style involves one "government" team and one "opposition" team.
Aristotle recognized at least four types of explanation.
Mares may give birth to one foal every twelve months.
They occur with frequency during the apology, generally at about 45-50 degrees with the head lowered and lasting for at least the count of three but sometimes longer.
London is the world's most expensive office market for the last three years according to world property journal report.
Each level accommodates a full height, two by two-lane highway.
In 1787 the French government sent two scholar administrators, Coulomb and Tenon, who had visited most of the hospitals in Europe.
To improve tank protection, one field of research involves making the tank invisible to radar by adapting stealth technologies originally designed for aircraft.
Linnaeus described only five species of oak from eastern North America, based on general leaf form.
The Sensor Bar is about 20 cm long and has ten infrared LEDs, five at each end of the bar.
This loom would require two or three weavers and was usually operated by men.
However, the earliest illustrations of the Hungarian 'Kochi-wagon' do not indicate any suspension, and often the use of three horses in harness.
National banks have one primary regulator – the OCC.
However, there is evidence for three possible separate domestications of the avocado, resulting in the currently recognized Mexican , Guatemalan , and West Indian landraces.
Even a discussion on the topic of itch can give one the desire to scratch.
There are documented and surviving examples of carpets from three 18th-century manufactories: Exeter , Moorfields , and Axminster .
Japanese uses orthographic cues to delimit words such as switching between kanji and the two kana syllabaries.
There are several ways to quantify the amount of one compound dissolved in the other compounds collectively called concentration.
Goalkeepers in water polo are granted some special privileges when inside the five meter area:The ability to touch the ball with two hands.
This uses two parallel omnidirectional microphones some distance apart, capturing time-of-arrival stereo information as well as some level difference information—especially if employed in close proximity to the sound source.
This massive range, containing diverse habitats, contains four of the six North American subspecies.
The interiors also had little variation between the three models
Electric locomotives almost universally use axle-hung traction motors, with one motor for each powered axle.
An iron ball would thus weigh about as much as three aluminium balls.
That year, Farnsworth transmitted the first live human images with his system, including a three and a half-inch image of his wife Elma with her eyes closed .
Islamic gardens were built after the model of Persian gardens and they were usually enclosed by walls and divided in four by watercourses.
The oldest frogs had ten bands, so their age was believed to be 14 years, including the four-year tadpole stage.
In 1944 Kitakami was further converted to carry up to eight Kaiten human torpedoes in place of ordinary torpedoes.
Under the prescription of the Method of Construction issued by the Song dynasty government in the early 12th century, timbers were standardized to eight cross-sectional dimensions.
The doors of the mosques in Cairo were of two kinds
Asexual reproduction has been identified in squamates in six families of lizards and one snake.
These four dignitaries, occupying the four corner stalls in the choir, are called in many of the statutes the quatuor majores personae of the church.
The neonatal coat fades after three months, with adult colouration being attained at eight months.
Clutch size is typically three eggs, although it is two in some of the smaller species and only one egg for the swallow-tailed gull.
However, when the field is ornamented with flowers in the four corners we have the Kunj.
In 1638, France and Oxenstierna agreed to a treaty at Hamburg, extending the annual French subsidy of 400,000 riksdalers for three years, but Sweden would not fight against Spain.
In 1995, Patrick Roy was famously kept in net by the head coach as "humiliation" despite allowing nine goals on 26 shots.
Kayaks should be equipped with one or more buoyancy aid which creates air space that helps prevent a kayak from sinking when filled with water.
Organizing a massive kick-off rally in front of Congress on 8 December, the Democratic Union nominated José Tamborini and Enrique Mosca, two prominent UCR congressmen.
The three common popular classifications of volcanoes can be subjective and some volcanoes thought to have been extinct have erupted again.
Cattle were originally identified as three separate species: Bos taurus, the European or "taurine" cattle
Dynamic balance is provided through the three semicircular canals.
It is presumed that at least two transmissions over three generations are required for a practice, belief or object to be seen as traditional.
Often these were used in regiments of engines, so that in a single field there might be ten steam tractors each drawing a plough.
There are three requirements to making a broadhead.
The globe weighs approximately 1,800 kg and makes a full rotation every ten minutes, thus spinning 144 times faster than the actual planet.
Differing regional beliefs set those who use foxes into two separate types: the kitsune-mochi, and the tsukimono-suji.
Many have the two elytra fused together, forming a solid shield over the abdomen.
IEDs are divided into three basic categories by basic size and delivery.
The current generation of iPod Nanos have LDTV screens, as do the first three generations of iPod Touch and iPhone .
Policewomen also experience greater mobility, frequently being moved from one assignment to another.
The most commonly held of the three theories of tofu's origin maintains that tofu was discovered by Lord Liu An, a Han Dynasty prince.
The Mountaineer method is the only one adapted for the interior parts of the country: their sleds are made of two thin boards of birch
The nine components make up the Cauchy stress tensor σ, which includes both pressure and shear.
During the early Jōmon period in northern Japan, three small balls indicating the breasts and navel were pasted onto flat clay objects to represent the female body.
Multiple-sailed mills, with five, six or eight sails, were built in Great Britain , Germany, and less commonly elsewhere.
The Interstates in Hawaii, all located on the most populous island of Oahu, carry the prefix H. There are three one-digit routes in the state and one auxiliary route .
He also recommends that the altar stand upon three steps for each of the three sacred ministers, and that it be decorated with a silk frontal in the seasonal colour.
In some cases choirs join up to become one "mass" choir that performs for a special concert.
Two lines are perpendicular if the product of their slopes is −1 or one has a slope of 0 and the other has an undefined slope .
Doubling the edge lengths of a polygon multiplies its area by four, which is two raised to the power of two .
There are three different blade designs for pruning shears: anvil, bypass and parrot-beak.
Of the 333 victims that were eventually recovered, 328 were retrieved by the Canadian ships and five more by passing North Atlantic steamships.
When two cyclones approach one another, their centers will begin orbiting cyclonically about a point between the two systems.
A study examining the nestling gapes of eight passerine species found that the gapes were conspicuous in the ultraviolet spectrum .
Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast was also the first to install more than one AquaLoop at a single location.
As of 2020, there currently are eight generations of main series video games.
Basic drum keys are divided in three types which allows tuning of three types of tuning screws on drums: square , slotted and hexagonal.
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.
The tunnel is split into two tunnels with a short open air cutting linking the two.
Evaluation of three model estimations of solar radiation at 24 UK stations, Rivington et al.
Hungária Boulevard was built from 1980 to 2000 and it is the widest and longest boulevard in Budapest with six to ten traffic lanes and a rapid tram line.
Wheat flour tortillas are now often seen throughout much of Mexico , despite at one time being particular to northwestern Mexico, the Southwestern US Mexican-American community, and Pueblo Indian tribes.
In all three types of structure the cross-section area of the choanocyte-lined regions is much greater than that of the intake and outlet channels.
In 2007, Iranian refugee Shahla Valadi was granted asylum in Norway after spending seven years in church sanctuary after the initial denial of asylum.
The rope of dough with three holes represents a three-part noose, which was used to kill three people by hanging.
Accompanying instruments vary widely, from only one instrument to a full orchestra of 70 to 100 musicians
Meanwhile very few salmon reach the spawning grounds, and probably four years hence the fisheries will amount to nothing
Two US battleships were there to meet them, along with four destroyers.
Three-quarter siblings have one common parent, while their unshared parents have a mean consanguinity of 50%.
The myths refer to a beast with one horn that can only be tamed by a virgin
Distinct genetic, neurochemical and neuroanatomical correlates responsible for each temperamental trait have been observed, unlike with five factor models.
Tip collectionDuring each set of one or more songs, the current performer will dance on stage in exchange for tips.
Here, four cardioid microphones, 90 degrees relative to one another, are placed in square formation, separated by 21–25 cm.
He says rap lyrics are made up of, "lines with four stressed beats, separated by other syllables that may vary in number and may include other stressed syllables.
The user would stack the two records onto the spindle of an automatic record changer, with side 1 on the bottom and side 2 on top.
Quarterback Otto Graham helped the Browns win four AAFC championships in the late 1940s in head coach Paul Brown's T-formation offense, which emphasized precision timing passes.
The majority of stagecraft lies between these two extremes.
At the 2019 Diamond League Meeting in Doha, Qatar, Daniel Ståhl became the first man to produce six throws beyond 69.50 m in a single competition.
They may draw a walk if they receive and do not swing the bat at four pitches located outside the strike zone.
A bit can be stored by a digital device or other physical system that exists in either of two possible distinct states.
It runs for 17 weeks and replaces the National Netball League, which was played over only two weeks.
In the High Middle Ages, clergy in Western Europe had four privileges:Right of Canon: whoever committed real violence on the person of a cleric committed a sacrilege.
In a 2007 review, Knudsen describes a more general model which identifies four core processes of attention, with working memory at the center:Working memory temporarily stores information for detailed analysis.
The eight continents later re-assembled into another supercontinent called Pangaea
Makizushi is usually cut into six or eight pieces, which constitutes a single roll order.
Perhaps the best example was Worcester Bar in Birmingham, a point where the Worcester and Birmingham Canal and the Birmingham Canal Navigations Main Line were only seven feet apart.
Unlike municipal or county police/sheriffs' inspectors, Michigan State Police inspectors are a grade below captain, instead of at least one grade above.
Thus it is usual to wait one or two further oestrous cycles before rebreeding, unlike the practice with mares.
Arnold van Gennep stated that rites of passage are marked by three stages: separation, transition and incorporation.
According to Putman, there are four possibilities:"Higher level of fear than a situation calls for, low level of confidence".
Every movement had to be repeated at least ten times in a row without the traceur having to push his limits or sustaining any injury.
Cylindrical lenses have curvature along only one axis.
According to Alan Weiss, taste fulfills the purpose of six functions: taste is the tool in which we use to define flavor
Accordingly, in the Brothers Grimm fairy tale Die Wichtelmänner , the title protagonists are two tiny naked men who help a shoemaker in his work.
Middens testify to the prehistoric importance of oysters as food, with some middens in New South Wales, Australia dated at ten thousand years.
The first salmon ceremony was introduced by indigenous tribes on the pacific coast, which consists of three major parts.
Players sit on double-bladed sledges and use two sticks
The wheels had from four to eight spokes and tires of bronze or iron.
Since a rip current appears to be an area of flat water, tired or inexperienced swimmers or surfers may enter one and be carried out beyond the breaking waves.
Heart tissue receives blood from two arteries which arise just above the aortic valve.
The insignia consists of a crown over three bath stars in a triangular formation, equivalent to a brigadier in the army.
The cages are multiplied for stranding with many tapes or strands, so that a machine may have six bobbins on one cage and twelve on the other.
The Intercontinental Istanbul Eurasia Marathon is the only marathon where participants run over two continents during the course of a single event.
They may also have a tendency to ignore combination punching in favor of continuous beat-downs with one hand and by throwing slower, more powerful single punches .
After two more demo tapes, five years, and the replacement of Gnap and Musiol with Tommy Fritsch, Jochen Trunk, and Kai Bergerin, they released their self-titled album in 1997.
This means that three large steps are taken in between all of the hurdles.
There were five other crewed missions which used a Vostok spacecraft.
With recreational trails, it is common the sticks that may be one to three inches thick and laid in place, close together.
Each race consisted of only two horses, and they raced down the village streets and lanes.
For their trouble the men received £2.10.0 in fares from driver Thomas Taylor, and £21.19.0 from eight passengers.
A combination of one part wheat protein and two parts soy protein has thus been favored by many bodybuilders.
A 4-port valve is a valve whose body has four ports equally spaced round the body and the disc has two passages to connect adjacent ports.
These three core technologies serve to enable the business functions in the process of shipping containers throughout the distribution channel.
Progressive Field was built two years after Camden Yards, and featured the angular, asymmetrical fences of varying heights, a smaller upper deck, stepped tiers, and an unobtrusive singular color scheme.
The second set of chewing teeth falls out at four to six years old.
Industrial slums developed, and reinforced their own development through the interactions between factories, as when one factory's output or waste-product became the raw materials of another factory .
Tolkien described the Snergs as "a race of people only slightly taller than the average table but broad in the shoulders and have the strength of ten men."
Likewise double half cousins share the same consanguinity as cousins as they both have two common ancestors.
It also divides them into three subgroups based on the distinctiveness of Sifrei Emet and Hamesh Megillot.
Superregional malls are very large malls that contain at least five department stores and 300 shops.
Females are polyoestrus – they have an oestrus cycle every 12 days , each oestrus lasting one to three days.
The flowers, which are usually conspicuous and white or yellow, sometimes both or rarely green, consist of a perianth of three parts.
Summer is the hottest of the four temperate seasons, falling after spring and before autumn.
In 1987, the zoologists Colin Groves and Peter Grubb identified three subfamilies: Cervinae, Hydropotinae and Odocoileinae
Between 1947 and 1950, Argentina manufactured two advanced jet aircraft: Pulqui I , and Pulqui II, designed by German engineer Kurt Tank.
Sometimes two people are interviewed by an interviewer, with one format being called couple interviews.
A goal scores six points and is the object of the game.
They share only one parent instead of two as full siblings do and are on average 25% related.
Common twisted rope generally consists of three strands and is normally right-laid, or given a final right-handed twist.
The Japanese lost one light cruiser and a destroyer, with four other ships damaged.
In May 2009, one game project was reported to have a development staff of 450.
On 25 October 2009, in Lahti, Finland, Visa Parviainen jumped from a hot air balloon in a wingsuit with two small turbojet engines attached to his feet.
The army rank insignia consists of three winged chevrons .
A boy's discus was about twelve centimeters in diameter, while a normal adult patella is around five centimeters, suggesting Ajax may have been around 14 feet tall.
Working on one invention can lead to others too.
Geosynthetics perform four main functions in roads: separation, reinforcement, filtration and drainage
In 1998, Walmart introduced the Neighborhood Market concept with three stores in Arkansas.
In the Laccadives it forms the chief food, each person consuming four nuts per day, and the fluid, commonly called milk, which it contains, affords them an agreeable beverage.
In colder climates, cloves are best planted about six weeks before the soil freezes.
Girls attain reproductive maturity about four years after the first physical changes of puberty appear.
The converted World War II cruisers up to this point retained one or two main battery turrets for shore bombardment.
It is not known how much the original track evolved in the early years as the three sports matured and stabilized.
It has attained significance throughout history in part because typical humans have five digits on each hand.
Tracks primarily consist of two straights and four left-turn corners, few tracks are symmetric and often the shape parallels that of an egg or a tri-oval.
Only one thing makes it hard to use yaks for long journeys in barren regions.
All three often run in tandem and there are usually multiple meal sittings.
Clouds with sufficient vertical extent to occupy more than one altitude level are officially classified as low- or mid-level according to the altitude range at which each initially forms.
Similar considerations apply if using a "house kit" , even if there is only one band at the performance.
The term "loudspeaker" may refer to individual transducers or to complete speaker systems consisting of an enclosure including one or more drivers.
Colquhoun's innovations were a critical development leading up to Robert Peel's "new" police three decades later.
Most of these ciders are produced and marketed by the three large brewers .
The small fringe formed during weaving along one edge of the cloth has been placed by the designer to decorate the neck opening and side seam.
In 1821, the book A New-year's present, to the little ones from five to twelve was published in New York.
There are three general modes of fruit development:Apocarpous fruits develop from a single flower having one or more separate carpels, and they are the simplest fruits.
There are four types of lifeguard certification: pool, waterpark, waterfront and surf.
Vespa returned to the American market in 2001 with a new, more modern style ET series, in 50 cc two and four stroke, and 150 cc four-stroke. "
Competitive teams master six basic skills: serve, pass, set, attack, block and dig.
The initial motivation for defining homology groups was the observation that two shapes can be distinguished by examining their holes.
Leisure facilities were provided for all three classes to pass the time.
Advanced Apprenticeship : to start this programme, learners should have five GCSEs or have completed an Intermediate Apprenticeship.
These vows were three in number: obedience, conversion of life, and stability.
For instance, just labelling the two endpoints as A and B can indicate the sense, if the ordered sequence is assumed, which implies that A is the starting point.
Republic of China Navy Operates four Kidd-class destroyers, purchased from the United States.
Division: Each division is commanded by a major general, and usually holds three brigades including infantry, artillery, engineers and communications units in addition to logistics support to sustain independent action.
To be admitted to pharmacy studies, students must complete a minimum of three years of gymnasium, similar to high school program in natural science after elementary school .
Single breasted styles typically have three buttons, and double breasted ones three or four rows.
If ten of these shells are fired successfully into the enemy camp, the whole place will be set ablaze...The first cast iron bombshells and grenades appeared in Europe in 1467.
By the 1920s, strips often covered six of the eight columns occupied by a traditional broadsheet paper.
Certain Shi'a sects pray the five daily prayers divided into three separate parts of the day, providing several Hadith as supporting evidence
Alekhine briefly lost the title to Dutch player Max Euwe in 1935 and regained it two years later.
They occur in three major mechanisms:Slab avalanches occur in snow that has been deposited, or redeposited by wind.
All but four of the destroyers accompanying the transport force picked up survivors and withdrew.
Psychologist Dan P. McAdams writes:Knowing where somebody stands on extraversion or neuroticism is indeed crucial information in the evaluation of strangers and others about whom one knows very little.
A sumo match is overseen by a referee in the ring and five judges seated around the ring.
Each team aims to complete a set of at least one hundred dodges and eight leaps.
In this ceremonial act, an odd number of rifleman fire three blank cartridges in unison into the air over the casket.
For lutes with more than six courses the extra courses would be added on the low end.
The two types of stitches have a different visual effect
The three disciplines in modern fencing are the foil, the épée, and the sabre
Primary education consists of the first four to seven years of formal, structured education.
In Eumachia, is a painting of a door with three leaves.
There are also four diploid species : S. stenotomum, S. phureja, S. goniocalyx, and S. ajanhuiri.
The reception was initially good with Revenge from Mars selling well over 6,000 machines, but short of the 10,000-plus production runs for releases just six years earlier.
Robert Hooke in 1681 designed a horizontal watermill which was remarkably similar to the Kirsten-Boeing vertical axis propeller designed almost two and a half centuries later in 1928
Later revisions of the iPod added three more games: Parachute, Solitaire, and Music Quiz.
However, four subclasses remained more or less universal for non-specialist work throughout the 20th century.
Niflheim was a realm of primordial ice and cold with nine frozen rivers in Norse Mythology.
Rolls may be wider than most scrolls, up to perhaps 60 cm or two feet wide.
However, another study the same year compared the action of bacteria on pigmentations of two song sparrow species and observed that the darker pigmented feathers were more resistant
He hypothesized that one could view many cultural entities as replicators, and pointed to melodies, fashions and learned skills as examples.
These factors create a set of three basic postures.
And a bottle of rum - a history of the New World in ten cocktails.
The result is that each typebar could type two different characters, cutting the number of keys and typebars in half .
This version can also be played with blankets held by four people.
The three functions were organized by cultural significance—with the first function being the most grand and sacred.
A piece for two pianists performing together on separate pianos is a "piano duo".
In Vítězné náměstí in Prague, Czech Republic, a tramway crosses the carriage way of the roundabout at three places.
Before 1989, Macedonia did not officially use a regional anthem, even though one was proclaimed during the World War II by ASNOM.
Trampolining and tumbling consists of four events, individual and synchronized trampoline, double mini trampoline, and tumbling .
This position occurs in each of the four swimming strokes in every cycle of the arms.
Tanka is a form of unrhymed Japanese poetry, with five sections totalling 31 onji , structured in a 5-7-5-7-7 pattern.
By using the correct height of mercury in the container these two effects will cancel, leaving the pendulum's centre of mass, and its period, unchanged with temperature.
For cacti adapted to drought, the three main centers are Mexico and the southwestern United States
The male solitary wasp in the genus Eumenes is smaller than the female, so the mother of one species supplies him with only five caterpillars
They dominated the event, placing their lightweight two-strokes into the top six finishing positions.
The iPhone 3GS also features white on black mode, VoiceOver , and zooming for impaired vision, and mono audio for limited hearing in one ear.
Although all three sports rely on rising air, there are significant differences which are listed in detail in a comparison of sailplanes hang gliders and paragliders.
Processing of collected sherds can be consistent with two main types of analysis: technical and traditional.
He gives a description of a unicorn based on four brass figures in the palace of the King of Ethiopia.
In the United Kingdom, there are three awarding bodies for Lifeguard qualifications, Highfield Awarding Body for Compliance , the Swimming Teachers Association, and the Royal Life Saving Society UK .
A single-hung sash window is a window that has one sash that is movable and the other fixed.
It is also present in Italy, with one reproductive population in Lombardy.
Only the vinegar made in Taiyuan and some counties in Jinzhong and aged for at least three years is considered authentic Shanxi mature vinegar according to the latest national standard.
Among cities in India, only Mumbai , Kolkata and Chennai , the three former British Presidencies, have had a Sheriff.
The moving part or parts of a gateway may be considered "doors", as they are fixed at one side whilst opening and closing like one.
In the eight days of this celebration's duration, the local residents have kept alive the traditions of the Department."
The table usually contains eight rows of foos men, which are plastic, metal, wooden, or sometimes carbon-fibre figures mounted on horizontal metal bars.
There are three primary types of cartridge mounts.
The open register key stops the fundamental frequency from being reinforced, and the reed is forced to vibrate at three times the speed it was originally.
Manufacturing cost is divided into three broad categories:Direct materials cost.
Bracteatae – three species, two from China and one from India.
He divided the paddle into eight segments to change the ball's angle of return.
Individual flat races are run over distances ranging from 440 yards up to two and a half miles , with distances between five and twelve furlongs being most common.
She displaced 110 tons, measured 60 meters in length and was armed with four light guns.
The most common type of Greek table had a rectangular top supported on three legs, although numerous configurations exist, including trapezoid and circular.
Among these three, the last two cover between them the entire epic of Ramayana.
Mudskippers feed and interact with one another on mudflats and go underwater to hide in their burrows.
Pre-mandolin instruments were quiet instruments, strung with as many as six courses of gut strings, and were plucked with the fingers or with a quill.
Phase one mode is activated by a corresponding smoke sensor or heat sensor in the building.
At one point, there were 20 chares in Newcastle.
The first five verses of Sikhism's morning prayer, "Japji Sahib," are read aloud to begin the Sidharan paath.
Combinations of these choices lead to four types of ideal amplifiers.
Infant grasp is an extension of reaching and develops between six and nine months of age.
This has three cusps which are not attached to any papillary muscles.
Legislation proposed in Maryland, US, was named after Inky, a pygmy sperm whale who needed six operations after swallowing debris, the largest piece of which was a Mylar balloon.
The receiver is at the intersection of four or more of such cones.
Following the reunification of South Jutland with Denmark in 1920, four counties replaced the Prussian Kreise.
The tacodilla contains melted cheese in between the two folded tortillas, thus resembling a quesadilla.
The service dress insignia consists of three wavy red chevrons 9 cm wide bordered in yellow.
The process was begun in 1793 by Lamarck, who called the Vermes une espèce de chaos and split the group into three new phyla, worms, echinoderms, and polyps .
The circuit comprises five triathlons and by the French Triathlon Federation and attracts professional international triathletes hired by French triathlon clubs.
Bajofondo Tango Club, a Rioplatense music band consisting of seven musicians from Argentina and Uruguay, released their first album in 2002.
Watteau pleats are one or two box pleats found at the back neckline of 18th century sack-back gowns and some late 19th century tea gowns in imitation of these.
Notes in parentheses are the sixth overtone, representing a pitch with a frequency of seven times that of the fundamental
The section deems only three circumstances when the accused is deemed to have been acting honestly.
Kandinsky theorized that "music is the ultimate teacher," and subsequently embarked upon the first seven of his ten Compositions.
The line length is scanned by an according number of characters , and are predominantly either five or seven characters long, with a caesura before the final three syllables.
Completed in 1933, the development had three bathhouses — Lincoln, Washington, and Roosevelt — a drinking hall, the Hall of Springs, and a building housing the Simon Baruch Research Institute.
In this experiment, 228 persons, both male and female, who held management positions that made hiring decisions were shown ink sketches of six male job applicants.
In 1999 three species were considered endangered, five as vulnerable and six as rare.
The earliest report of phosphorus necrosis was made in 1845 by Lorinser in Vienna, and a New York surgeon published a pamphlet with notes on nine cases.
The two main methods for determining willingness to buy are observation of personal characteristics and consumer actions.
It differed from previous toothbrushes in three ways: it had an angled head, similar to dental instruments, to reach back teeth
Within the air force and navy a sergeant is identified by three chevrons.
The filly's second win came at Chester in August when she started at odds of 4/9 and won the six furlong Combermere Stakes by four lengths.
There are two main divisions of training: construction-carpentry and cabinetmaking.
It was designed by the French-Chinese sculptor Chen Zhen The fountain is in three parts.
The size of units from company up increased significantly and there were now four rifle platoons and 12 sergeants per company, along with three "staff" NCOs .
A plane wave is a kind of wave whose value varies only in one spatial direction.
Most notably, superstring theory requires 10 spacetime dimensions, and originates from a more fundamental 11-dimensional theory tentatively called M-theory which subsumes five previously distinct superstring theories.
There are two primary kinds of tray tables.
William Salmon's Polygraphice provides a recipe for varnish used in etching, consisting of three ounces of virgin wax, two ounces of mastic, and one ounce of asphaltum.
It used a constellation of five satellites and could provide a navigational fix approximately once per hour.
The commonly accepted range for the oboe extends from B♭3 to about G6, over two and a half octaves, though its common tessitura lies from C4 to E♭6.
Today only one vespasienne remains in the city , and it is still regularly used.
The three steps are as follows:Acquisition which is the process of storage and retrieval of new information in memoryConsolidationRecallSleep affects memory consolidation.
The second distillation was made in balneo mariae and in a glass cucurbit, and the liquor was distilled to about one half the quantity.
On the Celtic calendar, the start of the seasons corresponds to four Pagan agricultural festivals - the traditional first day of winter is 1 November
The latter is also a programme work and has both a march and a waltz and five movements instead of the customary four.
There are often two stereotypical postures seen in comatose patients.
From 1890 to 1973, the title of world's tallest building resided continually in Manhattan , with nine different buildings holding the title.
The first six elements are the same as common law larceny.
For instance, in a typical diving compressor the air is compressed in three stages.
They fitted in, nevertheless, with the general situation and were in their own way one element of the historical development.
In 1958, a regular scheduled air service between New York and Paris taking seven hours doomed the Atlantic ferry service to oblivion.
The body turns sideways while one hand is moved forward along the side of the body.
After 1784, Spain provided five ways by which slaves could obtain freedom.
Whitaker examined the stomachs of 139 thirteen-lined ground squirrels and found bird flesh in four of the specimens and the remains of a short-tailed shrew in one
There are three main optical types:The refracting telescope which uses lenses to form an image.
In a study by Volling, four classes of children were identified based on their different responses of jealousy to new infant siblings and parent interactions.
At least three principle forms of netting may be distinguished in the financial markets.
The exemption which had been created by the 1825 Act for towns which "possessed" their own courts meant ten towns were free to ignore the property qualifications.
Although the first fully operational spiral escalator, Reno's design was nonetheless only one in a series of similar proposed contraptions.
Ixodid ticks have three hosts, taking at least a year to complete their lifecycle.
Hatchet: A small, light axe designed for use in one hand specifically while camping or travelling.
The simplest of such compounds is rubredoxin, which has only one iron atom coordinated to four sulfur atoms from cysteine residues in the surrounding peptide chains.
A pet owner can anticipate grooming a poodle every six to eight weeks.
Traditionally, three discrete groups have been denominated ferns: two groups of eusporangiate ferns, the families Ophioglossaceae and Marattiaceae
These are the behaviors that address what Scouller called "the four dimensions of leadership".
On each solstice, one tropic or the other directly faces the sun as Earth spins. "
Among passion flowers, for example, extrafloral nectaries prevent herbivores by attracting ants and deterring two species of butterflies from laying eggs.
In December 1939, three British cruisers engaged the German "pocket battleship" Admiral Graf Spee in the Battle of the River Plate
In a triangle, three intersection points, each of an external angle bisector with the opposite extended side, are collinear.
Globalisation and cultural imperialism are two of the cultural consequences of convergence.
There were two provosts at Autun, and Lyon and Chartres had four each, all as subordinate officers.
Germans closed all Czech universities and colleges, sent over 1200 students to Nazi concentration camps, and had nine student leaders executed .
This goes against the original notion of the womb in which was thought to have two chambers
In order to act like an airfoil, the sail on an iceboat is sheeted in for all three points of sail.
The most important one was uncovered in 1990.
Stallion: A non-castrated male horse four years old and older.
This recent reclassification further divides subgenus Trifolium into eight sections.
The three most common approaches are: around the waist and over the shoulder.
It was filled with five types of seeds and then hit with sticks of various colors.
Their job was a skilled one as 17th century wigs were extraordinarily elaborate, covering the back and shoulders and flowing down the chest
This article also deals with the six species included in two further genera, Eudorcas and Nanger, which were formerly considered subgenera of Gazella.
In 2014, ENR compiled the data in nine market segments divided as transportation, petroleum, buildings, power, industrial, water, manufacturing, sewer/waste, telecom, hazardous waste and a tenth category for other projects.
This league only lasted five years.
There are two main types of inertial seat belt lock.
These four objects were the first celestial bodies observed to orbit something other than the Earth or Sun.
The steers are normally considered fully trained at the age of four and only then become known as oxen.
Three distinct neural circuitries, including neurotransmitters, and three behavioral patterns, are associated with these three romantic styles.
The cello body has a wide top bout, narrow middle formed by two C-bouts, and wide bottom bout, with the bridge and F holes just below the middle.
Some chairs have two curved bands of wood attached to the bottom of the legs.
Each gun section was led by a sergeant and consisted of two half sections led by a corporal.
Teams are also promoted using a play-off tournament from levels six to eight of the football pyramid.
Only three have assessed more than 10 species and only one has included multiple outgroups.
I got two or three lessons from W. Lill, a bootmaker friend in Sheffield, and soon succeeded in making a good many pairs for myself and various friends.
In February 2012, work on two reservoirs near Gokwe and Mutare in Zimbabwe stopped when workers refused to continue, stating that mermaids had hounded them away from the sites.
Matthew O'Deane has identified five primary steps of gang involvement applicable to the majority of gangs in the world
In March 2020, four rapists were executed by hanging in Tihar Jail.
The young have to breathe every two to three minutes.
Alternatively, snowshoers can use two techniques borrowed from skis: the herringbone and the sidestep.
The idea of the oath, which was so much part and parcel of for instance Romance literature, changes from a subjective concept to a more objective one .
The 1984 Daytona was available in three trim lines: standard, Turbo and Turbo Z. Total production was 49,347.
A triangle with three given positive side lengths exists if and only if those side lengths satisfy the triangle inequality.
Compatible screw heads are usually identifiable by a single depressed dot or an "X" to one side of the cross slot.
Australia , Brazil , Germany , Norway and lately Russia joined the World Championships, which take place yearly and last for one week.
When the two instruments are combined, the result is quite similar to diatonic button accordions still manufactured today.
A bassinet, bassinette, or cradle is a bed specifically for babies from birth to about four months.
In these units, the magnet itself sits behind the four coils and magnetises the cores of all four coils.
Dominant males, those with larger body size and antler racks, inseminate more than one doe a season.
Only the monk parakeet and five species of lovebirds build nests in trees, and three Australian and New Zealand ground parrots nest on the ground.
Printing paper is about 800 kg/m3 .Paper may be classified into seven categories:Printing papers of wide variety.
It was demolished in 2003, six years after County's move to Pride Park.
He made four distinct major journeys, in the four different directions, which are called Udasis, spanning many thousands of kilometres, preaching the message of God.
Promotion to sergeant in the New Zealand Defence Force is usually around nine to ten years service and commands considerable responsibility and an increase in pay.
Inspection is performed by three experts and then reviewed by a panel of twelve experts before accreditation is awarded.
The cube has three uniform colorings, named by the colors of the square faces around each vertex: 111, 112, 123.
Fifteenth-century hose were often particolored, with each leg in a different-coloured fabric or even more than one colour on a leg.
The ten largest recorded earthquakes have all been megathrust earthquakes
The vessel can sail up to 22 nautical miles between charges – seven times farther than previously possible for an e-ferry.
The two may differ in that one usually retires from their career, versus resignation or termination from a job.
Published in 2011, it features six New York based breakdance crews photographed between 2007 and 2009.
Aldous Huxley made philosophical observations about the nature of death while two mantises mated in the sight of two characters in his 1962 novel Island .
The instrument was noted in The Times in 1831 as one new to British audiences and was not favourably reviewed, but nevertheless it soon became popular.
A double wedding is a double ceremony where two affianced couples rendezvous for two simultaneous or consecutive weddings.
There are seven models along the sourcing/bidding continuum: basic provider, approved provider, preferred provider, performance-based/managed services model, vested business model, shared services model and equity partnerships.
Among pop-up toasters, those toasting two slices of bread are more purchased than those which can toast four.
Pyroxenes have a general structure formula of XY, where X is an octahedral site, while Y can vary in coordination number from six to eight.
Musical cultures that rely upon such instruments may develop multi-layered polyrhythm and simultaneous rhythms in more than one time signature, called polymeter.
In pagan Ireland, three was a significant number and the Irish had many triple deities, which could have aided St Patrick in his evangelisation efforts.
After four and a half hours thrombolysis worsens outcomes.
For laplace pressure of a curved gas liquid interface, the two principal radii of curvature at a point are R1 and R2.
The company, a pharmaceutical manufacturer, advertised a smoke ball that would, if sniffed "three times daily for two weeks", prevent users from catching the 'flu.
They both arise on the calcaneus and extend into the dorsal aponeurosis of digits one to four, just beyond the penultimate joints.
The lead fist is held vertically about six inches in front of the face at eye level.
All three groups used the substance as an adhesive.
Twenty-eight other batters have hit four consecutive across two games.
Effects begin within seconds to minutes of use and last between five and ninety minutes.
The steps themselves are solid, one piece, die-cast aluminium or steel.
The rank insignia is a three pointed-down chevron.
Tortured in prison, Reyes was denied parole five years later, and freed only after the regime's 1955 downfall.
The Cross-in-square plan, with a single dome at the crossing or five domes in a quincunx pattern, became widely popular in the Middle Byzantine period .
Cartridges are loaded into the four separate chambers by sliding a latch that "pops-up" the barrel for loading purposes, similar to top-break shotguns.
A standard Hollywood movie averages about five 2,000-foot reels in length.
Notably, a clay drum label—written in three languages—was found at the site, referencing the history and discovery of a museum item.
Development of the tungsten-filament lamp in 1904, with three times the efficacy of carbon filament types, and improved batteries, made flashlights more useful and popular.
Another noteworthy variant, Star Trek Chess, utilises a board of sixty-four squares divided into seven levels.
After winning twice from six starts as a two-year-old, she won the Fred Darling Stakes at Newbury.
On 16 October 1723, it was decided after a petition that the city should present three nominees, of whom the king appointed one.
Ötzi the Iceman may have used one in Copper Age Alpine Italy, though some archaeologists believe the frame found with the body was part of a snowshoe.
The barrels of the arquebuses are generally six spans long, and carry a ball little less than three ounces in weight.
The four TBMs used for excavating the 57-kilometre Gotthard Base Tunnel, in Switzerland, had a diameter of about 9 metres .
A wood-burning fire pit should be located at least ten feet away from structures for safety.
There are eight kinds of orchestral melody harmonica
This definition applies to rotations within both two and three dimensions
Scientists developed the ATS, which consists of shallow, 100-foot raceways of nylon netting where algae colonies can form, and studied its efficacy for three years.
In modern schemes with five or more recognised continents, at least one pair of continents is joined by land in some way.
All three positions are typically filled by unlicensed personnel.
PGA Tour Champions now recognises five majors: the Senior PGA Championship, The Tradition, the Senior Players Championship, the United States Senior Open, and The Senior Open Championship.
The first, the Bansuri , has six finger holes and one embouchure hole, and is used predominantly in the Hindustani music of Northern India.
The flowers are 2–4.5 cm in diameter, with five white to pinkish petals
This screenshot is saved to the user's desktop, with one PNG file per attached monitor.
Mostly there is no general argument leading from one contribution to the next.
Rotary mowers with internal combustion engines come in three price ranges.
Such top down biasing can occur through two distinct processes: an attention driven baseline shift in the alpha waves, and a decision bias reflected in gamma waves.
It is usually divided into three eight to ten person sections and a heavy weapons detachment which will deploy a GPMG, and a Carl Gustav, depending on mission requirements.
For example, seven shuffles of a new deck leaves an 81% probability of winning New Age Solitaire where the probability is 50% with a uniform random deck.
Marshmallows consist of four ingredients: sugar, water, air, and a whipping agent/aerator .
A play-off would also be scheduled if two teams are tied as above for a position affecting promotion, relegation, or European qualification.
There were already seven warehouses on Portland Street when they commenced building the elaborate Watts Warehouse of 1855, but four more were opened before it was finished.
Some sets have one different colored bolt to show which side is the nose of the skateboard.
Royalty and high nobility often have one or more "traditional" sites of burial, generally monumental, often in a palatial chapel or cathedral
In 2007 the center-right government of Matti Vanhanen began a special program of four wise men modeled after a US-originated Housing First policy to eliminate homelessness in Finland by 2015.
Amish farmers tend to use a team of about seven horses or mules when spring ploughing.
There were five bear-baiting gardens in Southwark, London at that time
Smaller cities have no districts, whereas districts in Seoul and six Metropolitan Cities are treated as a city in its own right.
The demarcation is driven by four interrelated concepts :1.
Tadpoles of amphibians have from three to five gill slits that do not contain actual gills.
The defense may decide to allow a run if it can achieve one or multiple outs.
Tilting has also been simulated, which can be activated using one or more keys for "moving" the machine.
Stereo amplifiers imply two channels of output , though the term simply means "solid" sound —so quadraphonic stereo was used for amplifiers with four channels.
The yoke would consist of three spears, two upright with a third tied between them at a height which made the prisoners stoop.
There are ten expressways, including the new Marina Coastal Expressway.
Jaguar achieved little success in Formula One, and after a turbulent five seasons, Ford withdrew from the category after the 2004 season, selling both Jaguar Racing and Cosworth .
They vary between species and are typically formed from up to six sugar molecules connected by up to three glycosidic chains.
To adequately reproduce a wide range of frequencies with even coverage, most loudspeaker systems employ more than one driver, particularly for higher sound pressure level or maximum accuracy.
The understanding of perspective was different from that of the nearby European Renaissance painting tradition, and the scene depicted often included different time periods and spaces in one picture.
The three motorway routes are A1, which is part of the European corridor E-75, A2 and the recently built A4 corridor that connects Skopje to Stip.
Fireworks take many forms to produce the four primary effects: noise, light, smoke, and floating materials .
A standard throatlatch measurement is that the width of three or four fingers should be able to fit between the throatlatch and the horses’ cheek.
The novelist Nicholas Delbanco taught himself to read at age six during a transatlantic crossing by studying a book about boats.
It originally meant the side of a die with only one pip, before it was a term for a playing card.
The dihedral symmetry D4h comes from the cube being a prism, with all four sides being the same color.
It took all three apples and all of his speed, but Hippomenes was finally successful, winning the race and Atalanta's hand.
With the adoption of FMVSS 108 in January 1968, four additional warning lights were gradually added to school buses
When ten players have been dismissed, the innings ends and the teams swap roles.
This quickly led to a tightening up of the rules, and an abolition of these ten towns' discretion.
On July 13, 2005, workers fixed robotic jockeys on the backs of seven camels and raced the machine-mounted animals around a track.
Those rendering similar salutes, for example raising the left instead of the right hand, or raising only three fingers, are liable to prosecution.
Actual fights to establish hierarchy usually occur at five to eight weeks of age.
Oars have a flat blade at one end.
This time between the ages of two and five when they are reaching for independence repeats itself during adolescence.
The two basic building ingredients, sand and water, are available in abundance on a sandy beach, so most sand play takes place there, or in a sandpit.
The first three to four months are spent with the blastula in suspended development before it implants itself in the uterus.
A change in angle, albeit small, will have a detrimental effect by creating different forces on the two groove walls, as well as a slight timing shift between left/right channels.
Around the three habitable sides of the court runs an open colonnade, supported by wooden columns, and approached by steps at an angle.
As increasing options are available, three problems emerge.
Sesqui is Latin for "one and one-half": there are three parts oxygen to two parts iron or aluminium
He was followed in this interest by his daughter Miriam Rothschild, who helped to catalogue his enormous collection of the insects in seven volumes.
His speech will normally be followed by one from the best man.
An ALU may also compare numbers and return boolean truth values depending on whether one is equal to, greater than or less than the other .
The remaining three are in private collections.
The three most common childhood cancers are leukemia , brain tumors and lymphomas .
The model describes four different types of control that fully self-governing teams can possess.
In the Hauran in Syria, where timber is scarce the doors were made in stone, and one measuring 1.63 m by 0.79 m is in the British Museum
Horse racing in Belgium takes place at three venues - Hippodrome Wellington in Ostend , Hippodroom Waregem in Waregem in Flanders and Hippodrome de Wallonie in Mons, Wallonia.
The most familiar are those of the pulmonate land snails, which usually have two sets of tentacles on the head: when extended the upper pair have eyes at their tips
The various social and economic classes selected specific seasons during the year's course, staying from one to several months, to vacation at each resort.
The chalice is often shown surrounded by two linked rings.
The 4,000 miles trip to or from San Francisco to Panama City could be done by paddle wheel steamer in about three weeks.
Woodpeckers, piculets and wrynecks all possess characteristic zygodactyl feet, consisting of four toes, the first and the fourth facing backward and the second and third facing forward.
Headscarves may specifically have a religious significance or function, or be expected as a matter of social custom, the two very often being confused.
Perhaps the most characteristic of the Kashmir shawls is the one made like patchwork.
Neon has three stable isotopes: 20Ne , 21Ne and 22Ne .
Taking power in a coup three days later, which they named Revolución Libertadora .
Starting 1 February 2012 he improved on this by completing the 7 on 7 in under 120 hours or in less than five days.
There are multiple subsets of skipping/jump rope including: single freestyle, single speed, pairs, three person speed , and three person freestyle .
English pancakes have three key ingredients: plain flour, eggs, and milk, though Gervase Markham's 1615 version in The English Huswife used water instead of milk, and added sweet spices.
In other variants, the hand is reshuffled and each player picks seven dominoes.
They found with increasing level of irradiation, four nutrients showed little or no change.
Camping seasonA tent required only for summer use may be very different from one to be used in the depths of winter.
In Brittany, a galette is a large thin pancake made of buckwheat flour, often cooked on one side only.
Except for the divisions operating in the mountains, divisions have at least one armored unit, some have even more depending upon their functionality.
Horse breeds are loosely divided into three categories based on general temperament: spirited "hot bloods" with speed and endurance
By 1900, the 26 million American men over age 18 patronized 215,000 licensed taverns and probably 50,000 unlicensed ones, or one per hundred men.
Fast-growing cultivars mature within three months of sowing the seed, while slower-maturing cultivars need a month longer .
The four extrinsic muscles originate from bone and extend to the tongue.
The five highest selling minivans in Europe in 2018 were the Ford S-Max, SEAT Alhambra, Volkswagen Sharan, Renault Espace and Ford Galaxy.
When administering the NEO-PI-R to 7,134 people across six languages, the results show a similar pattern of the same five underlying constructs that are found in the American factor structure.
Some clarinets have a single joint: on some basset horns and larger clarinets the two joints are held together with a screw clamp and are usually not disassembled for storage.
The Wii Remote has the ability to sense acceleration along three axes through the use of an ADXL330 accelerometer.
The game at the usual level is played on a course with an arranged progression of 18 holes, though recreational courses can be smaller, often having nine holes.
Aircraft from six additional escort carriers also participated for a total of around 330 US aircraft, a mix of F6F Hellcat fighters and TBF Avenger torpedo bombers.
After three months, relative to the comparison areas, violent crime decreased 23%.
An organization relocated .According to an article on Time.com, one out of three people currently employed spends about an hour per day searching for another position.
Since the time of peak production in 1971, when Biwa pearl farmers produced six tons of cultured pearls, pollution has caused the virtual extinction of the industry.
The Americans suffered significant damage to three destroyers and light damage to a cruiser, but no losses.
A mechanical apple peeler is a crank operated device that peels apples and optionally cores and slices them in one motion.
The two halves of a hummingbird's bill have a pronounced overlap, with the lower half fitting tightly inside the upper half .
A Diophantine equation is a polynomial equation in two or more unknowns for which only the integer solutions are sought .
Essentially, they advocate for doing potentially unnecessary homework from approximately age five to ten as a way of practicing for doing necessary homework from age 10 to 15.
Under the FIBA and NCAA women's rule sets, a team begins shooting bonus free throws once its opponent has committed five personal fouls in a quarter.
Each team in the championship playoff plays the others home and away one additional time.
While normative ethics addresses such questions as "What should one do?",
Chain and roller conveyors are short runs of two or more strands of double-pitch chain conveyors built into a chain-driven line roller conveyor.
Playoffs either are sudden death or employ a pre-determined number of holes, anywhere from three to a full 18.
Offered as a service or deliverable to its members, conference tutorials are one example of a continuing education activity sponsored by a technical and professional association.
At least one credible report exists of a young fox killed by hens.
An organic example of a triprotic acid is citric acid, which can successively lose three protons to finally form the citrate ion.
The majority of windmills have four sails.
All three trademarks have since either been expired or cancelled.
Likewise the ten digits of two hands, and the twelve phalanges of four fingers have given rise to number systems and calculation techniques.
There are three commonly grown types of broccoli.
Each colonel commanded a legion with a theoretical strength of six thousand men.
A camera rig that synchronizes six GoPro HERO4 Black cameras allowing users to stitch and make virtual reality 360° videos.
The first three classes were often totally unavailable during this period because of late winter shortages.
This is reflected in the common euphemism for death of six feet under.
There are eight metropolitan municipalities in South Africa.
The 16 current Decade Volcanoes areThe Deep Earth Carbon Degassing Project, an initiative of the Deep Carbon Observatory, monitors nine volcanoes, two of which are Decade volcanoes.
Wagner's works for the stage were scored with unprecedented scope and complexity: indeed, his score to Das Rheingold calls for six harps.
Mucous and granular glands are both divided into three different sections which all connect to structure the gland as a whole.
Two or three plumbatae were typically clipped to a small wooden bracket on the inside of the large oval or round shields used at the time.
In the 1970s some cafes, like the one in Cley, Norfolk run by Nancy Gull, became centers for meeting and communication.
The Sandburg Halls at University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee consists of four high-rise towers, with the tallest being the northern most tower reaching 74 metres tall , and 146.8 metres .
Emperor Shapur II learnt to play polo when he was seven years old in 316 AD.
Similarly, "dactylic hexameter", comprises six feet per line, of which the dominant kind of foot is the "dactyl".
Having supposedly received a revelation, on May 19, 1774, Ann Lee and eight of her followers sailed from Liverpool for colonial America.
The 250 cc class is split into two series, east and west.
To facilitate the identification, a protective sign consisting of three bright orange circles placed on the same axis is defined by the rules of IHL.
On Lake Lucerne, five paddle steamers are still in service: Uri , Unterwalden , Schiller , Gallia and Stadt Luzern .
The three levels in his model are Public, Private and Personal leadership:The first two – public and private leadership – are "outer" or behavioral levels.
Jigme Singye Wangchuck, former king of Bhutan, who married four sisters and had children with each of them.
The actual appearance of pedestrian crossings varies greatly, but the two most common appearances are: a series of lateral white stripes or two longitudinal white lines.
Variations used have also included a hybrid design, which had one or more 12 inch lights along with one or more lights of 8 inches on the same light.
That year, MIT administrators released data showing just 60% of Senior House residents had graduated in four years.
This led Apple to temporarily revoke Facebook's Enterprise Developer Program certificates for one day, preventing Facebook Research from operating on iOS devices and disabling Facebook's internal iOS apps.
The campaign is prominent among three of South Africa's largest social movements: the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign, Abahlali baseMjondolo, and the Landless Peoples Movement.
The shape is pentagonal or star-shaped with five to fifteen arms.
The Sed festival, for example, celebrated the thirtieth year of an Egyptian pharaoh's rule and then every three years after that.
This was a large torpedo boat with four 47 mm quick-firing guns and three torpedo tubes.
Aaker conceptualised brand personality as consisting of five broad dimensions, namely: sincerity , excitement , competence , sophistication , and ruggedness .
Rudolph Rummel says, "... no researcher should accept any one or two tests as definitive.
There are nine generic types of work space, each supporting different activities.
The separated palp remains attached to the female's epigynum for about four hours and apparently continues to function independently.
In the U.S., the dealer is also dealt two cards, normally one up and one down .
As it turned out, Japan bought 550 percent more sub-87 octane aviation gasoline in the five months after the July 1940 ban on higher octane sales.
They have three specialized organs that are unique to Chondrichthyes
By this definition the eight appendages of octopuses, though quite long, count as arms.
Usually wallows are shallow dips in the ground that have been flooded and were full of dirt and those two have mixed to make a squishy mud wallow.
The carbonate group is structurally a triangle, where a central C4+ cation is surrounded by three O2− anions
Primary School Secondary School High School Colleges University Level It takes six and five years to complete the primary and secondary levels respectively.
It is more likely the two sinks had different roles within the household.
A hug can range from a brief one second squeeze, with the arms not fully around the friend to an extended holding.
The wood resonance appears to be split into two frequencies by the driving force of the sounding string.
Competition climbing has three major disciplines: Lead, Bouldering and Speed.
An imam appointed to lead Friday prayers may also lead at the five daily prayers
Because of the large surface of the basin, after-use and routine disinfection of stand-alone bidets requires thoroughness, or microbial contamination from one user to the next could take place.
Reportedly, the hurling match attracted a crowd of five hundred Irish immigrants, while the Orange march shivered out of existence.
In 1961, Peveril Meigs divided desert regions on Earth into three categories according to the amount of precipitation they received.
Vasari divides the age into three phases: the first phase contains Cimabue, Giotto, and Arnolfo di Cambio
For example, when moving slowly, turning, avoiding obstacles, climbing or slippery surfaces, four or more feet may be touching the ground.
It seems to have been played by two sides, arranged in lines
In the case of Rhodian and Median cocks that are very heavy and therefore not much inclined to sex, only three hens are kept per cock.
Hits for five are unusual and generally rely on the help of "overthrows" by a fielder returning the ball.
They were glued into collectors' albums, affixed to three dimensional objects, used as stencils for "spatter-work", inked and pressed into surfaces for nature printing, and so forth.
The capital features a volute, an ornament shaped like a scroll, at the four corners.
The production data for legumes are published by FAO in three categories:Pulses dry: all mature and dry seeds of leguminous plants except soybeans and groundnuts.
The standard concert flute is pitched in C and has a range of three octaves starting from middle C or one half step lower when a B foot is attached.
Western black teas are usually brewed for about four minutes.
This property is analogous to the property that three non-collinear points determine a unique circle in a plane.
In music, NRBQ's video for their song Dummy features four ventriloquist dummies modelled after the band members who 'lip-sync' the song while wandering around a dark, abandoned house.
The three splitters of a triangle all intersect each other at the Nagel point of the triangle.
His variation included three separate funnels lined up in a row.
With three judges, unanimous and split decisions are possible, as are draws.
The wings are also eaten and may be split into three segments, the meatier "drumette", the "wingette" , and the wing tip .
The ratio of the two is given by the moment of inertia.
That type of steel has three times the yield strength of common structural steel such as A36 which might otherwise be used for griddles.
By week 26 the terminal bronchioles have formed which branch into two respiratory bronchioles.
This crossing is made possible by three ferry lines, Arnold Transit Company, Shepler's Ferry, and Star Line Ferry.
The Wii Remote communicates with the Sensor Bar by infrared, providing pointing functionality over a distance of up to five meters from Wii Remote to Sensor Bar.
The recurrent pattern in every civilization of which we have knowledge was for one state to unify the system under its imperial domination.
Becker created four categories out of Troeltsch's first two by splitting church into "ecclesia" and "denomination", and sect into "sect" and "cult".
This yielded two combats for the cost of three gladiators, rather than four
There are six widely used, internationally recognized methods to teach or study ballet.
There were 20 frets, covering three octaves, with an additional 5 notes.
If an object's weight was equivalent to 1728 carob seeds, then the object was said to weigh one Roman pound.
This name in turn may have derived from the Old Norse woman's proper name Gunnhildr which combines two Norse words referring to battle.
Sub-specialties of surgery often require seven or more years.
Since 1947, compulsory education in Japan comprises elementary and junior high school, which together last for nine years .
These books were used for owners to recite prayers privately eight different times, or hours, of the day.
On August 9, four days after they had released “Birth of the Cruel” they released their sixth album We Are Not Your Kind.
It is believed that bolla, a water and chthonic demonic serpent, undergoes metamorphosis passing through four distinct phases if it lives many years without being seen by a human.
In 1903 the British government introduced four "national" signs based on shape, but the basic patterns of most traffic signs were set at the 1908 International Road Congress in Paris.
In Australia, there are three varieties of Diploma currently recognized by the Australian Qualifications Framework :a "Diploma", a qualification granted by vocational education and training sector or university.
However, because no two tools use the same jokes, and across languages this would not be feasible, how does one determine that the assessment objects are comparable?
Usually a swinging or sliding bolt is provided to lock the two together when desired.
In rock music, the blues singer-songwriter Kevin Coyne came from Derby, as does the three piece rock band LostAlone, and indie/glam rock band The Struts.
The ordination of monks and nuns in Tibetan Buddhism distinguishes three stages: rabjung-ma, getshül-ma and gelong-ma.
When King Edward IV died in 1483, Elizabeth took her five daughters and youngest son and again moved into sanctuary at Westminster Abbey.
Today, Saturday is officially called Samstag in all German-speaking countries, but there it has two names in modern Standard German.
For the world capacity to produce cement in 2010, the situation was similar with the top three states accounting for just under half the world total capacity.
The five main families are Floral, Oriental, Woody, Aromatic Fougère, and Fresh, the first four from the classic terminology and the last from the modern oceanic category.
Two or three per green are allowed in some cases.
For the Sun, four thermal pulses are predicted before it completely loses its outer envelope and starts to make a planetary nebula.
They usual train for about five to seven years.
Total lunar eclipses pass through all three phases.
The sensation one experiences is like flying as the slacker must angle his body and arms in an aerodynamic manner to maintain balance.
At the start of a turn, the striker is entitled to roquet all the other three balls once.
There are four basic kinds of songs in capoeira, the Ladaínha, Chula, Corrido and Quadra.
In 1963, the Robbins Report on universities in the United Kingdom concluded that such institutions should have four main "objectives essential to any properly balanced system: instruction in skills
The first recorded race club meeting took place five years later in 1802.
The rind is purple/black and has many small yellow circles and one or two large yellow circles .
Rock and soil samples were brought back to Earth by three Luna sample return missions , which returned 0.3 kg total.
There are three different types of cries apparent in infants.
Each time a ball is roqueted, the striker gets two bonus shots.
A study by NASA on eight chimpanzees found all of them survived two and a half minute exposures to vacuum.
When the dimension is two or higher, there are multiple concepts that extend the definition of the univariate median
Other mercury isotopes are converted when irradiated with slow neutrons into one another, or formed mercury isotopes which beta decay into thallium.
Thus, the sea recedes in the drawback phase, with areas well below sea level exposed after three minutes.
The dome is 42 meters wide and made of two shells.
Thus, a bar originally intended for one demographic profile can become popular with another.
There is a conserved sequence in roughly three quarters of all ORs.
The vomiting act encompasses three types of outputs initiated by the chemoreceptor trigger zone: Motor, parasympathetic nervous system , and sympathetic nervous system .
There are three main types of home shopping: mail or telephone ordering from catalogs
The reticulated leaf frog has a single opposed digit on each fore foot and two opposed digits on its hind feet.
The term baryon usually refers to triquarks—particles made of three quarks.
For example, Quaternary paleolakes in semidesert basins are important for two reasons.
In 1928, Kennecott Copper ordered four 700-series electric locomotives with on-board batteries.
It is pounded by two or three people.
There are three main attachment systems for footwear: step-in, hybrid, and strap bindings.
For long voyages, hardtack was baked four times, rather than the more common two.
Christmas was then calculated as nine months later.
Agents can be captive, meaning they write only for one company, or independent, meaning that they can issue policies from several companies.
The night nanny usually works with a family anywhere from one night to seven nights, per week.
The three basic categories are cool season grasses, warm season grasses, and grass alternatives.
A Deadness Board is used to keep track of deadness on all four balls.
Two opposing teams, consisting of two people, debate an affirmative motion which one team will propose and the other will oppose.
Zheng Yi and his wife, Zheng Yi Sao then formed a pirate coalition that, by 1804, consisted of over ten thousand men.
The idea of the philosopher's beard gained traction when in 155 BCE three philosophers arrived in Rome as Greek diplomats: Carneades, head of the Platonic Academy
An internal address, in Italy, must be composed of three to five rows.
The elbow joint has three different portions surrounded by a common joint capsule.
They included the first harpsichords with two keyboards, used for transposition.
The right atrium receives blood almost continuously from the body's two major veins, the superior and inferior venae cavae.
Hairdressers report premature ovarian failure five times more frequently than women in non-cosmetologist occupations.
The top three teams in EFL League Two and the champion of the National League are also automatically promoted.
A parachutist's equipment consists of at least three, usually four components, a container/harness system, a main canopy, a reserve canopy and increasingly frequently an automated activation device as well.
The five basic forging processes are often combined to produce and refine the shapes necessary for finished products.
The earliest extant cheesecake recipes are found in Cato the Elder's De Agri Cultura, which includes recipes for three cakes for religious uses: libum, savillum and placenta.
Fixtures are scheduled one round at a time
The ability to generate conversation that cannot be distinguished from a human participant has been one test of a successful artificial intelligence .
A G-kitchen has cabinets along three walls, like the U-kitchen, and also a partial fourth wall, often with a double basin sink at the corner of the G shape.
Beethoven wrote only two masses, both intended for liturgical use, although his Missa solemnis is probably suitable only for the grandest ceremonies due to its length, difficulty and large-scale scoring.
Because future inflation is unknown, there are three ways this might be achieved:Charge X% interest "plus inflation" Many governments issue "real-return" or "inflation indexed" bonds.
Functional fixedness can affect problem solvers in at least two particular ways.
Knitted gloves were a refined handiwork that required five years of apprenticeship
McKinney says, "These three factors can be expressed in three basic rules: As you sing higher, you must use more energy
It is amazing to me that ... our age is almost wholly illiterate and has hardly produced one writer upon any subject.
In the UK, potatoes are not considered by the National Health Service as counting or contributing towards the recommended daily five portions of fruit and vegetables, the 5-A-Day program.
The cognitive scientist and applied mathematician Ronaldo Vigo argues that information is a concept that requires at least two related entities to make quantitative sense.
Plato says comedy should be tightly controlled if one wants to achieve the ideal state.
It consisted of three roughly 0.9 micron spheres of silica, platinum arms and nose, and a face made by an ion beam.
Generation length of the lion is about seven years.
In the Tottenham Outrage in 1909, two armed robbers hijacked a tram and were chased by the police in another tram.
The theatrical genre of Greek comedy can be described as a dramatic performance which pits two groups or societies against each other in an amusing agon or conflict.
The role of dean seems to have derived its designation from the Benedictine "dean" who had ten monks under his charge.
These ships displaced 1,850 tons and were armed with eight 4.7-inch guns in four twin turrets and four torpedo tubes.
Of the ten billion videos watched online annually in 2008, film trailers ranked third, after news and user-created videos.
This may be reflected in some countries in the tendency to display telephone numbers as several chunks of two to four numbers.
There are three primary ways to produce rosé wine: skin contact , saignée , and blending .
For example, the first four odd numbers form the sequence .
A flash preceding thunder by five seconds would indicate a distance of approximately 1.5 km or 0.93 mi .
Disposition included a balance of the previous four qualities, the four elements and the four humors.
They grow to one meter in length and weigh from five to 15 kilograms .
Multihull yachts use two or three hulls widely separated from each other to provide a stable base that resists overturning.
In 1652 was founded the Academia Naturae Curiosorum by four physicians.
These three main tiers are based on educational background and training, which vary by country:Unskilled and semi-skilled – General site labor with little or no construction qualifications.
The Inuit language has seven different words for seven different nuances of white.
This was necessary because the two contacts in the lamp's base may have operated at several thousand volts above ground.
On 30 August 2013, the first 70,380 bottles of premium tequila from ten brands arrived in Shanghai.
With the new system, breakers are judged against five criteria: foundation, dynamics , battle, originality, and execution.
The result was based on Nelson's CPS , and featured "pods" of four cubicles arranged in a swastika pattern, each with an "L" shaped desk and overhead storage.
In his 1817 Le Règne Animal, Georges Cuvier used comparative anatomy to group the animals into four embranchements , namely vertebrates, molluscs, articulated animals , and zoophytes .
There are nineteen living species of storks in six genera.
One hybridises wheelchair and mountain bike technology, generally taking the form of a frame within which the user sits and with four mountain bike wheels at the corners.
The logo for Umeå University features three reindeer.
Safety concerns grounded it for six months soon after it entered service while problems were investigated and repaired.
Enki's wife Ninhursag heard Uttu's screams and rescued her, removing Enki's semen from her vagina and planting it in the ground to produce eight previously-nonexistent plants.
Two additional tastes for some people are umami , and kokumi which may enhance the other five tastes by magnifying and lengthening the other tastes.
It is very similar to that of the synagogue at Maon and the Christian church at Shellal, suggesting that the same artist most probably worked at all three places.
The traditional term for a male falcon is tercel or tiercel , from the Latin tertius because of the belief that only one in three eggs hatched a male bird.
The highly structural and organized cortex, or second of three layers of the hair, is the primary source of mechanical strength and water uptake.
Calves are weaned at one year and become independent shortly thereafter.
They are bound at three oxygen sites, which gives a characteristic silicon:oxygen ratio of 2:5.
O'clock itself may be omitted, telling a time as four a.m. or four p.m. Minutes ":01" to ":09" are usually pronounced as oh one to oh nine .
With the budding of capitalism, philosophers such as Wang Yangming further critiqued and expanded Neo-Confucianism with concepts of individualism and equality of four occupations.
Each molecule has four heme groups, and their interaction with various molecules alters the exact color.
Berlin, Germany has one established Chinatown in the area around Kantstrasse of Charlottenburg in the West.
The advantage of the Big five is that it expands across different elemental factors in personality, allowing psychologists to have the most accurate information they can garner.
A design with a scalloped outer rim and six nail holes was common.
Among the dead were the five Sullivan brothers.
After building smaller light cruisers with six or eight 6-inch guns launched 1931–35, the British Royal Navy followed with the 12-gun Southampton class in 1936.
The tri-wing wingsuit has three individual ram-air wings attached under the arms and between the legs.
This was the first of at least four escalator-style patents issued to Souder, including two for spiral designs.
The four traditional theatres from Japan are noh, kyōgen, kabuki, and bunraku.
Each tournament would feature eight teams.
For the next six minutes, the wave trough builds into a ridge which may flood the coast, and destruction ensues.
All forms of love are viewed as varying combinations of these three components.
These early newspapers followed the British format and were usually four pages long.
Explanation of eight pizza styles: Maryland, Roman, "Gourmet" Wood-fired, Generic boxed, New York, Neapolitan, Chicago, and New Haven.
After usually 63 to 65 days of gestation , a litter of typically two to five young is born.
They presented the traditional treats in the shape of bottoms in eight different designs, but still filled with traditional white lotus seed paste and salted yolks.
A period of four years ending on a leap day was to be called a Franciade.
This may be followed, for complex viruses with larger genomes, by one or more further rounds of mRNA synthesis: "late" gene expression is, in general, of structural or virion proteins.
Division into three parts eventually came to predominate.
The pitch of the teeth can be from fourteen to thirty-two teeth per inch for a hand blade, with as few as three TPI for a large power hacksaw blade.
The three English artists credited with establishing watercolor as an independent, mature painting medium are Paul Sandby , often called the "father of the English watercolor"
All three representations of Fe2+ shown in the figure, are thus equivalent.
Men perform on two bars executing a series of swings, balances, and releases that require great strength and coordination.
The superfamily Strigopoidea contains three living species of aberrant parrots from New Zealand.
There are five main types of weft insertion and they are as follows:Shuttle: The first-ever powered looms were shuttle-type looms.
Wayne holds the position of police commissioner until he is killed during one final adventure as Batman.
Over the five weeks, men prepare large masked heads and women raise funds to pay for two mannequins that will be sacrificed in a public bonfire.
Selection of the best food source is achieved by ants following two simple rules.
It is a basic bridle that carries one bit and usually has one set of reins.
Fragrance patterns can be correlated with pollinators, and fall into three main groups .
In general usage, concrete plants come in two main types, ready mix plants and central mix plants.
In 1978 he built a group of ten convertible umbrellas for British rock group Pink Floyd's American tour.
These keychains range from a dollar up to ten dollars and more.
The bony arch formed by the tibial plafond and the two malleoli is referred to as the ankle "mortise" .
All Rottweilers standard to AKC specifications have one mahogany dot above each eye on the inner brow ridge, on the cheeks, one strip on each side of the snout
Tsesarevich, the Russian flagship, had her nets deployed, with at least four enemy torpedoes "hung up" in them, and other warships were similarly saved from further damage by their nets.
Assemblies with three panes can sometimes be cost-justified in the coldest climate zones, but they lose some light by adding the third layer of glass.
There are three basic forms of contemporary street performance.
Mozart used the viola in more creative ways when he wrote his six string quintets.
The housing charity Shelter used data from four sets of official 2016 statistics and calculated 254,514 people in England were homeless.
A harmonica is played by using the mouth to direct air into or out of one or more holes along a mouthpiece.
An oversplit may be performed while the feet are supported by two chairs or by two assistants.
The basic form of jintishi has eight lines in four couplets, with parallelism between the lines in the second and third couplets.
If appropriate proportions of three primary pigments are mixed, the result reflects so little light as to be called "black".
Countries currently using flags with all four Pan-Arab colours include Jordan, Kuwait, Palestine, Sudan and the UAE
Generally, all male equines also have four canine teeth between the molars and incisors.
The three front row players are all in attacking positions.
Ideally, a team would have runners on base and fewer than two outs once three to four kickers have kicked following this bunting strategy.
In both of those systems it is traditionally one eighth of a gallon.
Pro setInstead of playing multiple sets, players may play one "pro set".
Where passages and staircases are used, as inevitably they are, they nearly always connect just one space to another and never serve as general distributors of movement.
It adds a third tom to the bass drum/snare drum/two toms set, making three toms in all.
There are eight combinations of three valves, making seven different tubing lengths, with the third valve sometimes used as an alternate fingering equivalent to the 1–2 combination.
Shun passed the test of being able to run his household with the two emperor's daughters as wives, and thus Yao made Shun his successor, bypassing his unworthy son.
Skills can be repeated if a skill is competed as a mounter in one routine and a dismount in another.
In the 1880s the tunnel was converted to a deep cutting, open to the atmosphere, being four tracks wide.
Typical widths run from about six feet for Little League fields to about 10–15 feet for college- or professional-level play.
London Burkers, Bishop, May and Williams — These body snatchers killed three boys, ages ten, 11 and 14 years old.
Harvey's four divisions are: red algae , brown algae , green algae , and Diatomaceae.
Pascal's calculator could add and subtract two numbers directly and thus, if the tedium could be borne, multiply and divide by repetition.
The game is controlled by the officials consisting of the referee , one or two umpires and the table officials.
The first arcade cabinets produced were assembled very slowly, about ten machines a day, many of which failed quality testing.
The five classic races began with the St Leger Stakes in 1776.
Conditioning is performed by storing the pods for five to six months in closed boxes, where the fragrance develops.
It consisted of seven concerts by jazz musician Mike Phillips, and screenings of films by black filmmakers.
Republican forces captured him and he was executed in Querétaro, along with two Conservative Mexican generals.
The broader meaning is just quark matter that contains three flavors of quarks: up, down, and strange.
Sudanese: no two relatives share the same term.
A root's four major functions are:absorption of water and inorganic nutrients
In contrast, most other algae not only have different pigments but also have chloroplasts with three or four surrounding membranes.
The head supports a pair of sensory antennae, a pair of compound eyes, zero to three simple eyes and three sets of variously modified appendages that form the mouthparts.
In Hungary, a three stringed viola variant with a flat bridge, called the kontra or háromhúros brácsa makes up part of a traditional rhythm section in Hungarian folk music.
A 23 July 2006 article reported Woods Hole Research Center results showing that the forest in its present form could survive only three years of drought.
It categorizes dance into four types – secular, ritual, abstract, and, interpretive – and into four regional varieties.
In 2011, the top five vehicles for distributing consumer packaged goods coupons in the U.S. were: the Free Standing Insert, a coupon booklet distributed through newspapers and other sources
Most Portuguese bullfights are held in two phases: the spectacle of the cavaleiro, and the pega.
It differs from a flat in having, usually, more than one floor, with a staircase internal to the dwelling leading from the entrance floor to the upper other floor.
International competitions in association football principally consist of two varieties: competitions involving representative national teams or those involving clubs based in multiple nations and national leagues.
Similarly, only two positions are permitted in the defensive shooting circle
Throughout the piece, the four beats, whether sounded or not, are maintained as the temporal referent.
There are essentially two measures of this: popularity through citations, as well as popularity through affiliation .
HUD requires jurisdictions which participate in Continuum of Care grant programs to count their homeless every two years.
Dimensions between the front three microphone as well as the polar patterns of the microphones can be changed for different pickup angles and ambient response.
The four families in two suborders are:Suborder CyematoideiCyematidae Suborder SaccopharyngoideiEurypharyngidae Monognathidae Saccopharyngidae Neocyematidae
Currently, the family has three recognized genera, according to HBW.
Studies in 1963, 1973, 1975 and 1992 concentrated on raccoon memory showed they can remember the solutions to tasks for at least three years.
Take three spoonfuls of Allemande, six ditto of aspic, and two of oil.
The round is named in reference to bolas, which use two or more weighted balls on a rope to trap cattle or game.
Traffic exiting the roundabout comes from one direction, instead of three, simplifying the pedestrian's visual environment.
The breaking wave height has two measurements, the relative heights estimated by surfers and the exact measurements done by physical oceanographers.
What may be technically possible to do with one accordion could be impossible with another:Some accordions are bisonoric, producing different pitches depending on the direction of bellows movement.
Several were strong supporters of the Bourbon kings, but all eight ultimately urged support for the new government, putting their appeals in terms of preserving civil order.
As an example, a typical modern wagon can hold up to 113 tonnes of freight on two four-wheel bogies.
A panel of five judges assesses which tricks were completed correctly and assigns that predetermined point value to each successfully completed trick.
GM's own documentation listed three brands as receiving products from the BT1 architecture: Cadillac , either Chevrolet or GMC , and a third unknown brand referred to as the "M-Brand.
The young nest with their mothers, but construct nests after three years of age, initially close to those of their mothers.
The first notable players to use two hands were the 1930s Australians Vivian McGrath and John Bromwich, but they were lonely exceptions.
At one time, the freshly moist Perique was also chewed, but none is now sold for this purpose.
In the 2000s, two companies introduced catenary-free designs.
These four elements were eventually codified in most states.
Give five back blows in between the shoulder blades with the heel of the hands.
Babies who had experienced birth complications had longer crying spells at three months of age and awakened more frequently at night crying.
A feature of the 1970 divorce law was the long period of marital separation of five years required.
From one grade to the next the security rises by approximately 50%.
The Cleveland class was the largest cruiser class ever built in number of ships completed, with nine additional Clevelands completed as light aircraft carriers.
Furthermore, he pointed out that the third century 'gliding horse' wheelbarrow featured the simple difference of the shaft pointing backwards .Wheelbarrows in China came in two types.
These phases include the three familiar ones , as well as more exotic states of matter .
Switch the infant over to the other arm face up and give five chest thrusts with two fingers.
To compete, John Deere designed the Model C, which had a wide front and could cultivate three rows at once.
Similar games appeared on the market three months later, produced by companies like Ramtek and Nutting Associates.
He released them two weeks before receiving permission from the Prussian hunting office to "enrich the fauna."
There were twelve months of 30 days each, grouped into three ten-day weeks called décades.
Sales rebounded to 260,000 in 1997 but gradually decreased afterwards, influenced by warmer winters and the use during all four seasons of small one- or two-person ATVs.
The following table lists the seven continents with their highest and lowest points on land, sorted in decreasing highest points.
Typically there will be three double-berth cabins
Here are six of the biggest problems to watch for in overhead type conveyor systems including I-beam monorails, enclosed track conveyors and power and free conveyors.
The carpal bones form two transversal rows, each forming an arch concave on the palmar side.
The vixen usually has six or eight mammae.
The importance of carpets in the culture of Turkmenistan is such that the national flag features a vertical red stripe near the hoist side, containing five carpet guls .
The four intrinsic muscles alter the shape of the tongue and are not attached to bone.
There are four basic colors.
Their mystacial vibrissae have ten times the innervation of terrestrial mammals, allowing them to effectively detect vibrations in the water.
Tubal-cain, in biblical tradition, the first smithSons of Ivaldi, in Norse mythology, three dwarf brothers who make a variety of gifts for the Gods.
It concerns three men seeking justice from a king on the matter of ownership over a newborn calf, for whose birth they all consider themselves to be partially responsible.
The marked dimensions of the field directly pay tribute to Rangers players whose numbers have been retired, plus two pivotal seasons in the team's history.
Other outstanding examples include the three Concerti by C.P.E. Bach, Capricci by dall'Abaco, and Sonatas by Flackton, Boismortier, and Boccherini.
The previous year the same organisation published the Junior version of the game and two years later it republished Junior Scrabble using a two-sided board.
Arrow sizes vary greatly across cultures, ranging from eighteen inches to six feet .
Of Aristotle's four kinds or explanatory modes, only one, the 'efficient cause' is a cause as defined in the leading paragraph of this present article.
For legislative purposes, municipalities are divided into eight classes based on population.
According to philosopher Mikhail Bakhtin, there are four accepted properties that utterances should have:Boundaries – All utterances must be bounded by a "change of speech subject".
According to Brillat-Savarin, this was "the first to combine the four essentials of an elegant room, smart waiters, a choice cellar, and superior cooking".
They present with sudden onset explosive pain around one eye and are accompanied by autonomic symptoms .Temporomandibular jaw pain , and cervicogenic headache are also possible diagnoses.
Los Angeles installed its first automated traffic signals in October 1920 at five locations on Broadway.
Framed walls most often have three or more separate components: the structural elements , insulation, and finish elements or surfaces .
To function properly, the body requires between one and seven liters of water per day to avoid dehydration
There are three professional racquetball organizations.
The three symmedians intersect in a single point, the symmedian point of the triangle.
Twenty20 is a new variant of limited overs itself with the purpose being to complete the match within about three hours, usually in an evening session.
A patrol can also mean a small cavalry or armoured unit, subordinate to a troop or platoon, usually comprising a section or squad of mounted troopers, or two AFVs .
The other six causes of laughter listed are: social context, ignorance, anxiety, derision, acting apology, and tickling.
The coat of arms of Staufen im Breisgau contains the three golden chalices of the Lords of Staufen , advocates of the monastery of St. Trudpert.
Another notable quarterback controversy involved the San Francisco 49ers' who had three capable starters
According to Joseph Burgo, there are four different aspects of shame.
Apart from the color and from the material of which they are made, pillowcases have three contrasting characteristics:SizeFeaturesOpening/closingSize conforms to the pillow the case is to contain.
In addition, GPS OCX is expected to cost millions less than the cost to upgrade OCS while providing four times the capability.
The American Film Institute's selection of the ten best sports movies includes The Pride of the Yankees at number 3 and Bull Durham at number 5.
During copulation one hemipene will be inserted into the female's cloacal vent.
These are equivalent to two SPDT switches or relays actuated by a single coil.
In Manipur, polo is traditionally played with seven players to a side.
There are three principal industry sectors:The commercial sector comprises enterprises and individuals associated with wild-catch or aquaculture resources and the various transformations of those resources into products for sale.
The message structure has a basic format of a 1500-bit-long frame made up of five subframes, each subframe being 300 bits long.
As of 2019, the INF comprises more than 70 national teams organized into five global regions.
In 2013, drones have flown over at least six Peruvian archaeological sites, including the colonial Andean town Machu Llacta 4,000 metres above sea level.
Traditionally decapods were divided into two suborders: the Natantia , and the Reptantia .
Like many monocotyledons, the perianth is homochlamydeous, that is undifferentiated into separate calyx and corolla , but rather has six tepals.
The feet of herons have long, thin toes, with three forward-pointing ones and one pointing backwards.
This can be configured so that two sets of such cascading doors operate like the center opening doors described above, allowing for a very wide elevator cab.
Because there are only ten points of conflict , this design is often safer as well.
There, the eggs developed into flies in three stages called instars.
The category which produced the most new publications was "Regional interest", of which six new magazines were launched, including 12th & Broad and Craft Beer & Brewing.
As an outfielder, they normally play behind the six players located in the field.
The heart beats about six times a minute and is at the apex of a vertical channel that connects the three rings.
These final two works showed Verdi at his most masterfully orchestrated, and are both incredibly influential, and modern.
The shots flew wide of Nobunaga, however, and instead killed seven of his surrounding companions.
The traditional situation that led to a duel often happened after a perceived offense, whether real or imagined, when one party would demand satisfaction from the offender.
Consent will also be vitiated if two people consent to fight but serious bodily harm is intended and caused .
According to a document, the Iranki, when Nobunaga was inspecting Iga province—which his army had devastated—a group of three ninja shot at him with large-caliber firearms.
Many conversations can be divided into four categories according to their major subject content:Subjective ideas, which often serve to extend understanding and awareness.
Thermodynamics divides energy transformation into two kinds: reversible processes and irreversible processes.
Recent scientific work indicates that the Earth's crust below the zone may be as little as five kilometres thick.
Hobbyists engage in five broad types of activity: collecting, making and tinkering , activity participation , sports and games, and liberal-arts hobbies .
In contrast, the "troubé-nade" had three spouts like a bicuspid.
Variants such as the valve trombone and superbone have three valves similar to those on the trumpet.
All five stores have since reopened.
For a particular material, the optimal dome geometry is called the funicular surface, the comparable shape in three dimensions to a catenary curve for a two-dimensional arch.
In women's play, Paola Longoria has the most US Open titles with five, Rhonda Rajsich has four, one more than Christie Van Hees with three.
Caesar's munus of 46 BC included at least one equestrian, son of a Praetor, and two volunteers of possible senatorial rank.
Pagers themselves vary from very cheap and simple beepers, to more complex personal communications equipment, falling into eight main categories.
The typical apposition eye has a lens focusing light from one direction on the rhabdom, while light from other directions is absorbed by the dark wall of the ommatidium.
If a pedestrian now has even one hesitation or failure the chance of escape from a dreadful death is now much less than when all vehicles were much slower.
The informal term static electricity refers to the net presence of charge on a body, usually caused when dissimilar materials are rubbed together, transferring charge from one to the other.
After two generations of production, the GL8 is the final minivan produced by General Motors or its joint ventures today.
With the intention of "saturating the cognitive microenvironment of the mind", Coué's therapeutic method approach was based on four non-controversial principles: suggestion can produce somatic phenomena
The correct amount of oxygen requires three types of measurement: first, active control of air and fuel flow
Although they understood its use in lifting heavy objects, the ancient Greek philosophers who defined the other five simple machines did not include the inclined plane as a machine.
Scholarly consensus is emerging that what is required of teachers can be grouped under three headings:knowledge
There are two types of pedal piano.
Combination kick : two or more kicks executed in succession by both feet.
While working in a dominantly female privatized world can prove disadvantageous for domestic workers, many women have learned how to help one other move upward economically.
Originally it consisted of paper or bamboo barrels that would have incendiary gunpowder within it, that could be lit one time and would project flames at the enemy.
There is a study that indicated there were actually four times more injuries with safety scalpels than reusable scalpels.
Hindu Scriptures present two kinds of knowledge, Paroksh Gyan and Prataksh Gyan.
DPNs are somewhat shorter and are usually sold in sets of four or five.
Other very rare types of primary headaches include:cluster headaches: short episodes of severe pain, usually around one eye, with autonomic symptoms which occur at the same time every day.
In 1856, "Stonehenge" , writing in the Manual of British Rural Sports, was still dividing beagles into four varieties: the medium beagle
The popular but empirically unsupported model describes in five distinct stages how people deal with their impending death.
There are two theories based on four Cs: Lauterborn's four Cs and Shimizu's four Cs in the 7Cs Compass Model .
Since Single-stage-to-orbit has so far not been achievable, orbital rockets always have more than one stage.
The current version ISCED 2011 has 9 rather than 7 levels, created by dividing the tertiary pre-doctorate level into three levels.
Selling for $17.50, the game dispensed five to seven balls for a penny.
There are four districts in the country, namely Brunei-Muara, Tutong, Belait and Temburong.
The gestation period is anywhere up to ten months for the European roe deer.
These three usages are heard most commonly in the United States.
Light is "folded" by one or more mirrors so that the television set is compact.
Chestnut bread keeps fresh for as long as two weeks.
Most followers celebrate a series of eight festivals equivalent to the Wiccan Wheel of the Year, though others follow the ancient Roman festivals.
Groups of two or three men worked on each car, assembling it from parts made mostly by supplier companies contracting for Ford.
In Synchronized Ice Skating, there are two Referees.
The chanter is the melody pipe, played with two hands.
There were eight teams of indigenous players, with seven identifying as transgender.
Typically the transition from rifting to spreading develops at a triple junction where three converging rifts meet over a hotspot.
Wagner's operas were scored with unprecedented scope and complexity, adding more brass instruments and huge ensemble sizes: indeed, his score to Das Rheingold calls for six harps.
Movies, games, competitions, and six Legoland amusement parks have been developed under the brand.
The corolla is also tubular, usually with five lobes .
At the Olympic Winter Games and World Championships, all competitions consist of four heats.
Within this broad definition, five subtypes can be distinguished – physical abuse
The vinyl layer on the disc's label side can hold approximately three minutes of music.
In 1980, Mad Magazine released a flexi-disc titled Mad Disco featuring six full-length parodies of the genre.
Blizzard conditions and a succession of three harsh snowstorms produced snow depths of 2 to 4 feet from Pennsylvania to New England.
The eight goals are:Halve the proportion of people living in extreme poverty at the 1990 level by 2015.
However, the domestic cat has rather poor color vision and only two types of cone cells, optimized for sensitivity to blue and yellowish green
Some knots, such as the carrick bend, are generally tied in one form then capsized to obtain a stronger or more stable form.
Hierapolis conquered the other two cities over two centuries, and later grew into the country of Egypt.
At Persian restaurants, the combination of one kabab barg and one kabab koobideh is typically called Soltani, meaning "sultan's feast".
In addition to these three orders of clerics, some Eastern Catholic, or "Uniate", Churches have what are called "minor clerics".
All three strengthen the capsule and prevent an excessive range of movement in the joint.
In Aristotle's view, the terrestrial sphere contained four elements that come to rest at different "natural places" therein.
Detecting this within four or five wingbeats, the halteres trigger a counter-turn and the fly heads off in a new direction.
Collectively, these three books are known as Sifrei Emet .
The world's top three most circulated newspapers all publish from Japan.
At its founding, it had nine clubs
The Divine Comedy is composed of 14,233 lines that are divided into three cantiche – Inferno , Purgatorio , and Paradiso – each consisting of 33 cantos .
Homer's Hymn to Hermes, describes three bee maidens with the power of divination and thus speaking truth, and identifies the food of the gods as honey
LCoS-based televisions and projectors often use 3 chips, one for each primary color.
France has 11 million square kilometres of marine waters within three oceans under its jurisdiction, of which 97% are overseas.
Three to four dango are often served on a skewer.
Systems architectureA systems architecture, using one single integrated model for the description of multiple views, is a kind of system model.
In Turkey, there are two main services tasked with close protection.
The drum kit may be loosely divided into four parts:Breakables: Sticks, various cymbals, snare drum, throne and sometimes the bass drum pedal.
Arabica berries ripen in six to eight months, while robusta takes nine to eleven months.
Originally, many compasses were marked only as to the direction of magnetic north, or to the four cardinal points .
It flew in Sint-Genesius-Rode, at the Laboratoire Aérotechnique de Belgique in April 1933, and attained an altitude of six meters and an endurance of eight minutes.
The first CPUs that used a cache had only one level of cache
All four may have been used incidentally in earlier times without recognising their nature.
Adults have ovoid or pear-shaped bodies, which become engorged with blood when they feed, and eight legs.
For example, there were eight Catholic periodicals in 1830 in Paris.
In the 1970s, two buttons were seen on some city suits.
Indian music has mainly three forms of classical music, Hindustani, Carnatic, and Dhrupad styles.
These are sometimes built atop platforms or tripods formed of three poles, used to keep hay off the ground and let air into the center for better drying.
It had several dioramas, over three floors.
The mesothelid Paleothele montceauensis, from the Late Carboniferous over 299 million years ago, had five spinnerets.
The result of this objective is that the four satellites are not evenly spaced apart within each orbit.
MIT has five schools and one college , but no schools of law or medicine.
This was likely derived from when the Thai language had three tones , two of which corresponded directly to the aforementioned marks.
One quote was ten times as large as another.
Primary follicles produce three types of fiber: kemp, medullated fibers, and true wool fibers.
Spiders are skillets with three thin legs to keep them above an open fire.
Matches tended to have two innings per team like a full first-class one and they could end in a draw.
Wind quartets are scored either the same as a string quartet with the wind instrument replacing the first violin or are groups of four wind instruments.
Generation length of the tiger is about eight years.
Under its company management, Superior was split into two manufacturers, with Mid Bus introducing small buses in 1981 and a reorganized Superior producing full-size buses from 1982 to 1985.
However, two constant velocity tooth profiles are the most commonly used in modern times: the cycloid and the involute.
Wet sponges were used to cool the pieces every ten or twelve rounds.
Thus, "iambic pentameter" is a meter comprising five feet per line, in which the predominant kind of foot is the "iamb".
For scoring purposes, a standing eight count is treated as a knockdown.
Some variants have only three blades in a reel spinning at great speed, and these models are able to cut grass which has grown too long for ordinary push mowers.
Most of these products differ markedly from natural turquoise in both physical and chemical properties, but in 1972 Pierre Gilson introduced one fairly close to a true synthetic .
A positive covenant is, broadly, one which involves the expenditure of money to perform.
Men raised the obelisk by slowly removing the sand while three crews of men pulled on ropes to control its descent into the pit.
Without extinguishment, one man in an entire village could unilaterally impose the common field system, even if everyone else did not desire to continue the practice.
In Catalan, ⟨x⟩ has three sounds
The telegraph had an enormous effect on three industries
Taking more than three steps at any time is considered travelling, and results in a turnover.
They stand diagonally aligned so that each can observe one side line.
Aristotle identified three hierarchical levels of natural beings: plants, animals, and people, having three different degrees of soul: Bios , Zoë , and Psuchë .
In the next stage, the tercio de banderillas , each of the three banderilleros attempts to plant two banderillas, sharp barbed sticks, into the bull's shoulders.
The sum of the first four ionization energies of lead exceeds that of tin, contrary to what periodic trends would predict.
All iPods have five buttons and the later generations have the buttons integrated into the click wheel – an innovation that gives an uncluttered, minimalist interface.
Until recently, these simulations were two dimensional computer programs that acted more like a textbook than a patient.
These crossover switches only have four terminals rather than six.
Europeans sharply divided peoples into two broad groups - the European West and the East or Orient
This decision came three months after Gradiente Eletrônica launched a lower-cost smartphone using the iPhone brand.
There are five polo clubs in Iran: Ghasr-e Firoozeh, Nowroozabad, Army Ground Forces, Kanoon-e Chogan and Nesf-e Jahan.
The cathode ray tube is a vacuum tube containing one or more electron guns and a fluorescent screen used to view images.
Typically, a new stitch is passed through a single unsecured loop, thus lengthening that wale by one stitch.
Legionaries of the Late Republic and Early Empire often carried two pila, with one sometimes being lighter than the other.
The ribs connect to the vertebrae with two joints, the costovertebral joints.
Narcissus has conspicuous flowers with six petal-like tepals surmounted by a cup- or trumpet-shaped corona.
The next stage in development is a brachiolaria larva and involves the growth of three short, additional arms.
When considering gender roles in advertising, individuals are influenced by three categories.
A pot still incorporates only one condensation, whereas other types of distillation equipment have multiple stages which result in higher purification of the more volatile component .
Before 2012, there were nine or twelve jurors, but this was reduced to cut spending.
The engines had two cylinders and the explosive charge of petroleum and air was ignited by compression into a heated platinum tube.
About one out of six ischemic strokes could be classified as ESUS.
Winters within subarctic climates usually include up to six months of temperatures averaging below 0 °C .
In 1941 the 1920s light cruisers Ōi and Kitakami were converted to torpedo cruisers with four 5.5 in guns and forty 24 in torpedo tubes.
He commented on this law to make its meaning clear: "There is on this small planet sufficient space for only one great state.
The disks themselves are of two contrasting colors , each color belonging to a player or team.
In 2003, two young killers blamed the lyrics of "Disasterpiece" for their crime.
Researcher Charles Brewer Jones estimates that from 1952 to 1999, when the Buddhist Association of the ROC organized public ordination, female applicants outnumbered males by about three to one.
In grand pianos it shifts the entire action/keyboard assembly to the right so that the hammers hit two of the three strings for each note.
In a shuttle hurdle relay, each of four hurdlers on a team runs the opposite direction from the preceding runner.
In a BBC interview, Harrison reported it took about nine shots for him and his spotter to initially range the target successfully.
The quintets use two violas, which frees them for solo passages and increases the variety of writing that is possible for the ensemble.
In a concert grand, however, the octave "stretch" retains harmonic balance, even when aligning treble notes to a harmonic produced from three octaves below.
There are, historically, six experimentally separable ways in which sound waves are analysed.
They usually have only three tines and are smaller than standard dinner forks.
The word thermometer first appeared in 1624 in La Récréation Mathématique by J. Leurechon, who describes one with a scale of 8 degrees.
The original yells of Harvard and Yale are identical in form, being composed of rah nine times repeated, shouted in unison with the name of the university at the end.
The control of odors is addressed by five classes of mechanisms
A fine wool like Merino may have up to 40 crimps per centimetre , while coarser wool like karakul may have less than one .
In 1920, three of these ten towns - Leicester, Lincoln, and Nottingham - consistently empanelled assize juries of six men and six women
The heart has four valves, which separate its chambers.
The Japanese had eight destroyers on a Tokyo Express run to deliver food and supplies in drums to Guadalcanal.
Beyond 5 m it is feasible to have two or even three rowers, normally using a pair of oars.
Most batting player manage to score at an average of four runs an over .
For human comfort, a minimum of four air changes per hour is typical, though warehouses might have only two.
In an article on contemporary German jokes about Auschwitz and the Holocaust, Dundes justifies this research: "Whether one finds Auschwitz jokes funny or not is not an issue.
The three ossicles are called hammer, anvil, and stirrup and act to decrease sound before it hits the inner ear.
Similar systems are found in the Moor End roundabout in Hemel Hempstead , which has six intersections
A vealer is a fat calf weighing less than about 330 kg which is at about eight to nine months of age.
All three mosaics had a similar iconography.
It utilizes two regular-sized wet cloths or one dry cloth designed for the system.
The Pyramids of Güímar refer to six rectangular pyramid-shaped, terraced structures, built from lava stone without the use of mortar.
These three canals are orthogonal to each other.
To understand consumers' needs and predict fashion trends, fashion companies have to do market research There are two research methods: primary and secondary.
It contains two sub-groups, the Former Prophets and the Latter Prophets .
For this reason the recipient may choose to insert their physical address in the second line, expanding the complete address to four lines.
Lotteries in Canada are administered by five regional organizations
A fast-track collection of graded exercises from elementary to advanced level divided in four sections and including an additional chapter with rhythmic structures used in contemporary music.
For some diameters, one or two additional fine pitch variants are also specified, for special applications such as threads in thin-walled pipes.
A flooring trowel has one rectangular end and one pointed end, made to fit corners.
Lavandula has three subgenera:Subgenus Lavandula is mainly of woody shrubs with entire leaves.
The trade particularly picked up after the Viking invasions, with major markets at Chester and Bristol supplied by Danish, Mercian, and Welsh raiding of one another's borderlands.
Spanish Navy Operates five Álvaro de Bazán-class frigates.
The team eventually created the Airplane Parachute Type-A. This incorporated three key elements.
The NLL games consist of four fifteen-minute quarters compared with three periods of twenty minutes each in CLA games.
The article characterized the miniskirt as stopping eight inches above the knee.
MacPherson struts are often purchased by the automakers in sets of four completed sub-assemblies: These can be mounted on the car bodies as part of the manufacturers' own assembly operations.
The playfield is a planar surface inclined upward from three to seven degrees , away from the player, and includes multiple targets and scoring objectives.
Western boxers typically participate in one Olympics and then turn pro, Cubans and other socialist countries have an opportunity to collect multiple medals.
Aristotle, who wrote after the Pre-Socratics, applies the term category to ten highest-level classes.
They also have two Kashtan CIWSs, each capable of engaging six targets automatically by either its armament of two GSh-6-30 Gatling guns or four 9M311 surface-to-air missiles.
It is also believed that if someone calls one from behind, never turn back and see because the spirit may catch the human to make it a spirit.
In 1922, the U.S. government published the first specifications for aviation gasolines along with one "Motor" grade for automobiles.
Besides the three poetic books and the five scrolls, the remaining books in Ketuvim are Daniel, Ezra–Nehemiah and Chronicles.
A child's first utterances are holophrases , utterances that use just one word to communicate some idea.
One feature was the establishment of four Special Economic Zones located along the South-east coast.
Harpsichords with more than one keyboard provide flexibility in selecting which strings play, since each manual can be set to control the plucking of a different set of strings.
Puppies open their eyes about nine to eleven days following birth.
This is done by taking up one full sett in each pleat, or two full setts if they are small.
The trigger mechanism from one crossbow can be installed into another simply by dropping into a tiller slot of the same specifications and secured with dowel pins.
These doors or gates were hung in two leaves, each about 2.54 m wide and 8.2 m high
In competitive swimming, four major styles have been established.
They can be designed with shallow drafts, as were the paddle wheel steamers on the Mississippi River that could operate in water under two metres deep.
A group of any three or more adults is a pack.
The third concerto grosso, scored for three violins, three violas, and lower strings with basso continuo, requires occasional virtuosity from the violists.
Third-party developers often skipped the Wii instead of making games for all three consoles simultaneously .
There were several sizes, and by the end of the Renaissance, seven different sizes are documented.
Uprock is an aggressive dance that involves two dancers mimicking ways of fighting each other using mimed weaponry in rhythm with the music.
One example is a site in Inner Mongolia that has yielded the remains of over 20 Sinornithomimus, from one to seven years old.
It should split in four to six weeks and yield roots and a sprout.
Houses may also be built in pairs , in terraces where all but two of the houses have others either side
W.H.Harvey and Lamouroux were the first to divide macroscopic algae into four divisions based on their pigmentation.
In 2009, the Brazilian National Post Service, "Correios" answered almost two million children's letters, and spread some seasonal cheer by donating 414,000 Christmas gifts to some of Brazil's neediest citizens.
Hydrozoans are also similar, usually with just four tentacles at the edge of the bell, although many hydrozoans are colonial and may not have a free-living medusal stage.
They also have three small ocelli on the top of the head that detect light levels and polarization.
Krüger has published three collections of his works, and has a yearly art calendar from Morpheus International.
The closest form of body surfing using a board is a handboard which normally has one strap over it to fit one hand in.
There are seven extant orders, Brisingida, Forcipulatida, Notomyotida, Paxillosida, Spinulosida, Valvatida and Velatida and two extinct ones, Calliasterellidae and Trichasteropsida.
Lightly loaded propellers for light aircraft and human-powered boats mostly have two blades, motor boats mostly have three blades.
In 2006, 7 major ODMs manufactured 7 of every 10 laptops in the world, with the largest one having 30% of world market share.
Today the museum has three sites including its new headquarters in Leeds.
Codebooks and codebook publishers proliferated, including one run as a front for the American Black Chamber run by Herbert Yardley between the First and Second World Wars.
Australia has six introduced species of deer that have established sustainable wild populations from acclimatisation society releases in the 19th century.
For example, a team that passes its opponents' total having lost six wickets have won the match "by four wickets".
When male cheetahs urine-mark their territories, they stand one meter away from a tree or rock surface with the tail raised, pointing the penis either horizontally backward or 60° upward.
Berlioz's Romeo and Juliet calls for two pairs of cymbals, modelled on some old Pompeian instruments no larger than the hand , and tuned to F and B flat.
This is an incremental progression, following appointment as a sergeant for seven years.
FIFO treats the first unit that arrived in inventory as the first one sold.
There are three raised tailings dam designs, the upstream, downstream and centerline, named according to the movement of the crest during raising.
There are three main types of bow performed in tea ceremony
If one variable is already known, a receiver can determine its position using only three satellites.
They can be surgically sterilized as early as seven weeks to limit unwanted reproduction.
The three living genera of true geese are: Anser, grey geese, including the greylag goose, and domestic geese
The four years between planting a coffee and the first harvest extends seasonal variations in the price of coffee.
There are three surviving species of camel.
With a majority of the budget funded by Broadway producers Edgar Lansbury and Joseph Beruh, The film was shot in Port Wentworth, Georgia in the course of five weeks.
He identified seven types of mentoring roles in his book entitled, Career Dynamics: Matching individual and organizational needs .
Gustducin is made of three subunits.
Fossils of two enigmatic bilaterians, the worm-like Markuelia and a putative, primitive protostome, Pseudooides, provide a peek at germ layer embryonic development.
The impact can be examined through five aspects: shipping, finance, management, careers, and popular reaction.
They have released one album, "Kappa Delta Phi" in 2008 on Murkhouse Recordings.
In 1920, Otto Hunziker authored The Butter Industry, Prepared for Factory, School and Laboratory, a well-known text in the industry that enjoyed at least three editions .
Rocks normally form relatively horizontal layers, with each layer younger than the one underneath it.
The carrot is a diploid species, and has nine relatively short, uniform-length chromosomes .
Working method timers have two main groups: Hardware and Software timers.
Flammenwerfers were used in teams of six during battles, at the beginning of an attack and preceding the infantry advance.
The chewing teeth are replaced six times in a typical elephant's lifetime.
It has four parts: wisdom , justice, courage, temperance.
There are three major divisions:Duodenum: A short structure which receives chyme from the stomach, together with pancreatic juice containing digestive enzymes and bile from the gall bladder.
Park outlined his four steps to assimilation: contact, conflict, accommodation, and assimilation.
Each cell has 50–70 small filaments, and one large filament, the kinocilium.
The nucleoid is surrounded by a membrane and two lateral bodies of unknown function.
A touchdown is worth six points.
The DAC classifies aid in three categories:Official Development Assistance : Development aid provided to developing countries and international organizations with the clear aim of economic development.
Some countries practice one form almost exclusively, whereas in others it may depend on the individual cemetery.
Briefly in the 15th century, three separate lines of popes claimed authenticity .
A cross-window is a rectangular window usually divided into four lights by a mullion and transom that form a Latin cross.
Bifocal lens has two or more, or a graduated, focal lengths ground into the lens.
Before she could run again, Wince later sustained a joint injury to one her hind legs which ended her racing career.
Small enclosed trailers are fully covered by four sides and a roof.
On her three-year-old debut, Wince was sent to Newbury to contest the seven furlong Fred Darling Stakes, a trial race for the Guineas.
They became part of the York City Festival every three years and later four years.
A more recent form of storage is rack storage where runabouts are stored in large steel racks, sometimes four or five boats high, and perhaps 25 boats across.
In an amendment to their trademark application on January 16, 1979 it was given as "Rank, Kaspereit, Erfle", the three designs from which the eyepiece was derived.
A second set of reins is attached to the bradoon, and hence the rider carries four reins.
Larger motors can only be used where an industrial electrical three phase alternating current supply is available.
Apart from the bush, certain identifiable trade signs that survive into modern times include the three balls of pawnbrokers and the red and white barber's pole.
This occurs because the ommatidia which one observes "head-on" absorb the incident light, while those to one side reflect it.
Enables one to adjust the high and angle of the holstered handgun.
Although the set of three fruits was small enough to write a complete list of combinations, with large sets this becomes impractical.
Triple differencing followed by numerical root finding, and a mathematical technique called least squares can estimate the position of one receiver given the position of another.
There are two types of criteria, general criteria and essential criteria .
The three Crown dependencies are associated states of the United Kingdom.
The other four simple machines were invented in the ancient Near East.
All three curriculums identify pitch, dynamics, timbre and texture as elements, but the other identified elements of music are far from universally agreed.
Bhagavad-gītā 18.14 identifies five causes for any action : the body, the individual soul, the senses, the efforts and the supersoul.
When playing Bonzini competitions, the target number of goals is seven and players must win by at least two clear goals.
However, one species has been found in Mediterranean caves at depths of 17–23 m , alongside the more usual filter feeding sponges.
Western horses are asked to perform with a loose rein, controlled by one hand.
In 1972, the USAF Central Inertial Guidance Test Facility conducted developmental flight tests of four prototype GPS receivers in a Y configuration over White Sands Missile Range, using ground-based pseudo-satellites.
In addition to the psychological barrier of reserve, Kirsty Hughes identified three more kinds of privacy barriers: physical, behavioral, and normative.
Scholes states that European classical music had only six stand-alone forms: simple binary, simple ternary, compound binary, rondo, air with variations, and fugue
A traveler might try to reach a destination-city within three hours.
There are three main classifications of recycled fibre:.
Double disc courtDouble disc court was invented and introduced in 1974 by Jim Palmeri, a sport played with two flying discs and two teams of two players.
The purpose of this fight is to stab three or four bandeiras into the back of the bull.
Most notes have three strings, except for the bass, which graduates from one to two.
It takes about three hours for O. vulgaris to create a 0.6 mm hole.
The three Cristofori pianos that survive today date from the 1720s.
Cost considerations were relatively low on the agenda and Harland and Wolff was authorised to spend what it needed on the ships, plus a five percent profit margin.
In Medieval Europe, hunting was considered by Johannes Scotus Eriugena to be part of the set of seven mechanical arts.
Most lifeguard competitions include an Ironman event that combines three different physical activities.
Michael Servetus wrote in Christianismi Restitutio that blood flows from one side of the heart to the other via the lungs.
Using Flynn's taxonomy, these two schemes of dealing with data are generally referred to as single instruction stream, multiple data stream and single instruction stream, single data stream , respectively.
Noctilucent clouds have four major types based on physical structure and appearance.
While previously reducing seating capacity by up to one-third, NHTSA recognized new technology that allows using seatbelts for either three small children or two larger children per seat.
Although the rule caused initial driver confusion, and many intersections required or still require modification, the change is predicted to eventually prevent one death and 13 serious injuries annually.
It is the power required to melt or freeze one short ton of ice per day.
The breeding of large, white riding asses made Damascus famous, while Syrian breeders developed at least three other breeds, including one preferred by women for its easy gait.
His 30-foot-wide road required only a rise of three inches from the edges to the center.
In a seven-per-side version called "action netball", seven players per team play with rules similar to netball.
At 45 degrees, the ball had the utmost range: about ten times the gun's level range.
It used four 15″ low-frequency drivers, a crossover network set for 375 Hz, and a single multi-cellular horn with two compression drivers providing the high frequencies.
In the 870s the so-called large sekreton of the Great Palace of Constantinople was decorated with the images of the four great iconodule patriarchs.
Each front foot has four toes plus a dewclaw.
Sports by 1900 generated some three percent of the total gross national product in Britain.
Hydraulic cements are made of a mixture of silicates and oxides, the four main mineral phases of the clinker, abbreviated in the cement chemist notation, being:C3S: Alite
One plant throughout a season may produce 50 to 60 times or roughly once every three days.
All three Le Mans Series run GT cars in addition to Le Mans Prototypes
Care for children under five is split into Childcare on Domestic Premises which is Childminding and Daycare.
An estimated four to seven thousand Pacific walruses are harvested in Alaska and in Russia, including a significant portion of struck and lost animals.
These three muscles act to support the arch of the foot and to plantar flex the fifth digit.
As an example, when working with continuous time signals , one might transform from the time domain to a frequency or s domain
In the eusocial naked mole rats, a single female monopolizes mating from at least three males.
Suspended gongs are played with hammers and are of two main types: flat faced discs either with or without a turned edge, and gongs with a raised centre boss.
Scorpions' chelicerae have three sections and are used in feeding.
Professor Aswath Damodaran – provides resources covering three areas in finance: corporate finance, valuation and investment management and syndicate finance.
Curious to see such a long bamboo, the landlord was magically joined to the bamboo when he touched it, as the young farmer said the first two magic words.
The tournament may be exclusively for members of a particular style or one in which any martial artist from any style may participate within the rules of the tournament .
This machine had a four blade rotor with flapping hinges but relied upon conventional airplane controls for pitch, roll and yaw.
In a haul of three tons, only three or four oysters will produce perfect pearls.
In the 10th century, Hrosvitha wrote six plays in Latin modeled on Terence's comedies, but which treated religious subjects.
According to this idea it would be because three is the largest number of spatial dimensions where strings can generically intersect.
Aggregate fruits form from single flowers that have multiple carpels which are not joined together, i.e. each pistil contains one carpel.
During the two following decades, this cruiser type came to be the inspiration for combining heavy artillery, high speed and low displacement.
In modern usage, stocking specifically refers to the form of hosiery configured as two pieces, one for each leg .
A boombox is a transistorized portable music player featuring one or two cassette tape recorder/players and AM/FM radio, generally with a carrying handle.
The game is played on a square board of eight rows and eight columns .
The main result was the building of a tide-predicting machine using a system of pulleys to add together six harmonic time functions.
Of the volley fire, the manual says that "every musketeer squad should either divide into two musketeers per layer or one and deliver fire in five volleys or in ten."
A hair cut in 1880 would cost five or ten cents and shaving cost three cents.
In one study, willow flycatchers were found to catch insects equally well before and after removal of the rictal bristles.
Within three breeding generations, the vast majority of the hybrid spawn revert to the wild type color.
The average size of a beagle litter is six puppies.
Doughnuts are of two varieties: fresh cream or mock cream.
Triplex plunger pumps use three plungers, which reduces the pulsation of single reciprocating plunger pumps.
The British Kennel Club also recognizes three sizes, stating that the miniature and toy are scaled down versions of the standard.
In addition, the lunar tables of the Julian calendar are four days behind those of the Gregorian calendar.
Every yacht should carry at least two anchors – the main or bower anchor and a second lighter kedge anchor.
Under electric bias, two close sets of bundles are attracted and can be used as nanoscale tweezers.
If the meal is a light meal, it will typically include the base and one main dish.
A cube has eleven nets : that is, there are eleven ways to flatten a hollow cube by cutting seven edges.
Aristotle must be following Ctesias when he mentions two one-horned animals, the oryx and the so-called "Indian ass".
In Australia, NGOs have founded two main annual events: Homeless Persons' Week, and Youth Homelessness Matters Day.
Any closed surface will have at least four points called umbilical points.
Using the Latin root, five musicians are called a quintet.
In free sparring , the two participants have a free choice of scoring techniques.
Linnaeus originally included six species in 1753, by 1784 there were fourteen by 1819 sixteen, and by 1831 Adrian Haworth had described 150 species.
The four-hand, described as a duet, was in many of his compositions which included five sonatas
The human hand normally has five digits: four fingers plus one thumb
New manufacturing techniques are capable of milling large panels from one sheet, reducing seams, caulking, and expansion/contraction cracks that have plagued traditional construction.
These and five other of Doyen's films survive.
Trajan's Forum was a vast expanse, comprising multiple buildings with shops on four levels.
All three are prepared by direct reaction of their elements at about 1,000 °C and quickly hydrolyse completely in water to yield aluminium hydroxide and the respective hydrogen chalcogenide.
A three stringed double bass variant is also used.
Beneath the petals are five sepals .
For functions of one variable, such an equation differs from integral and differential equations through a similar change of variable.
There are four primary elements that form breakdancing.
The level four tournaments, known as International Challenge, International Series, and Future Series, encourage participation by junior players.
There must be one qualified and vetted adult for every 8 children.
With relatively soft copper, for example, the etching details will begin to wear very quickly, some copper plates show extreme wear after only ten prints.
Doing so, batting players should aim for a higher run rate than the one which would maximize their expected personal score.
In professional tennis, currently-used racket head sizes vary between 95–115 square inches , with most players adopting one from 98–108 square inches .
In those wing types it usually takes two or three symmetrical pumps with brakes, over a second or two, to re-inflate the tips.
Eagles are often informally divided into four groups.
It is made by one manufacturer in Israel, luthier Arik Kerman.
To enforce speed limits, two approaches are generally employed.
They have three jaws that look like little saws, and on them are about 100 sharp teeth used to incise the host.
Flock behaviour in sheep is generally only exhibited in groups of four or more sheep
Sheppard points out that Hecht and Marien put forward a similar hypothesis ten years earlier.
In Old English there were three words that could mean darkness: heolstor, genip, and sceadu.
Pallet boxes are pallets with four pallet walls on top and possibly a lid.
The three perpendicular bisectors meet in a single point, the triangle's circumcenter, usually denoted by O
The ball has a "seam": six rows of stitches attaching the leather shell of the ball to the string and cork interior.
Later he included orange and indigo, giving seven main colours by analogy to the number of notes in a musical scale.
Designs with a single screw or three screws instead of two exist.
They physically exchange their positions approximately every 10 minutes , and change sides every five minutes .
Diaconis released a response indicating that you only need four shuffles for un-suited games such as blackjack.
Each of these races is run over ten hurdles and they are all Olympic events.
Between one and eight standard 52-card decks are shuffled together.
They also remained voting members of the NHA, and thus had enough votes to suspend the other league's operations, effectively leaving Livingstone's league with one team.
The sport is split into three basic divisions – distinguished by the rules regarding car contact during racing.
Other parts of the bridle are adjustable in length, though there are limits to adjustment and thus many manufacturers offer two to six different basic sizes.
An ECG is a bedside test and involves the placement of ten leads on the body.
The shell has three germination pores or "eyes" that are clearly visible on its outside surface once the husk is removed.
In the final stage, stage eight or old age, people are still learning about the challenge of integrity and despair.
Outside of these restrictions, the KRs can create a multitude of combinations, enabling a researcher to select jokes for analysis which contain only one or two defined KRs.
The first three all date back to before 1700.Wallpaper, using the printmaking technique of woodcut, gained popularity in Renaissance Europe amongst the emerging gentry.
Instead, it is locked up in the mineral calcite .All three of the diamond-bearing rocks lack certain minerals that are incompatible with diamond formation.
The five types of set off are extremely important as a matter of efficiency and of mitigating risk.
The Columbidae are usually divided into five subfamilies, probably inaccurately.
The traditional cashew tree is tall and takes three years from planting before it starts production, and eight years before economic harvests can begin.
Also, any two similar spherical triangles are congruent.
It takes three minutes to transit.
The Egyptians assert that it was invented among themselves, six thousand years before it passed into Greece
These sounds are divided into three categories: agonistic and alarm, greeting, and contact.
This narcotic effect is a property of two sesquiterpene lactones which are found in the white liquid in the stems of lettuce, called lactucarium or "lettuce opium".
When this happens, one develops dispassion for all phenomena, including all negative qualities and hindrances and lets them go.
During the test period only one supply of power is feeding the lift, in a blackout situation without a UPS, the lifts would not be operational.
Short: of the order of one second .
Jan Janský is credited with the first classification of blood into the four types in 1907, which remains in use today.
Communal prayer is preferred over solitary prayer, and a quorum of ten adult males is considered by Orthodox Judaism a prerequisite for several communal prayers.
Also not every single crime is reported, meaning two things
It is a single-action, tip-up revolver holding seven .22 Short black powder cartridges.
Reeves stretchers have six handholds, allowing multiple rescuers to assist extrication.
For reference, contradictory citations by seven separate individuals, including the Otis Elevator Company itself, are provided below.
Tilework had been known there for about two thousand years when cultural exchange between Sassanid Empire and Romans influenced Persian artists to create mosaic patterns.
It was followed by Cristiani's Sin dejar rastros in 1918, but one day after its premiere the film was confiscated by the government.
Consequently, four frets suffice to play the chromatic scale.
Of more interest are the other two rapid forms besides decomposition: deflagration and detonation.
The outcome is determined through a best of three or five sets system.
The entire bolt is used to make one kimono, and some men's tanmono are woven to be long enough to create a matching haori jacket and juban as well.
The remaining seven Yamakasi members continued to use the term "l'art du déplacement", also not wanting to associate it too closely with parkour.
They have a three layer construction of an epithelium, vocal ligament, then muscle , which can shorten and bulge the folds.
After the update, iPhone users can rearrange and place icons on up to nine other adjacent home screens, accessed by a horizontal swipe.
In this way, patches receive two years of rest and recovery from the heavy grazing.
Robbery is divided into three categories which are, in increasing order of seriousness: street or less sophisticated commercial
The Cheetos Mouse spoke with an upper-crust accent, and typically wore a three piece suit.
Turtles are divided into two extant suborders: Cryptodira and Pleurodira.
Clubfoot or talipes equinovarus, which occurs in one to two of every 1,000 live births, involves multiple abnormalities of the foot.
Paddleboards are divided by length into three classes: Stock, 14 Foot, and Unlimited.
Thermolysis of iron pentacarbonyl gives triiron dodecacarbonyl, Fe312, a with a cluster of three iron atoms at its core.
The British Museum possesses four Assyrian obelisks:The White Obelisk of Ashurnasirpal I , was discovered by Hormuzd Rassam in 1853 at Nineveh.
A U-kitchen has cabinets along three walls, typically with the sink at the base of the "U".
Some techniques can be used to take a right curve faster without tipping, like usage of the brake on the sidecar, if one is fitted.
The pair of six pips resembles a pair of boxcars on a freight train.
Ultimate volume expansion may be estimated at three orders of magnitude, or one liter per gram of explosive.
In some circumstances, MPs can simultaneously declare one home to be both their primary residence and their second residence .
A triple loft bed is an arrangement involving a total of three bunks.
In the modern game, a blackjack refers to any hand of an ace plus a ten or face card regardless of suits or colors.
During courtship behavior in three species of Corydoras catfishes, all males actively produced stridulation sounds before egg fertilization, and the species' songs were different in pulse number and sound duration.
Some varieties of apples have more than three times the storage life of others.
Maillardet, a Swiss mechanic, created an automaton capable of drawing four pictures and writing three poems.
The four to six surrounding the calyx, egg-shaped, sting-pointed scales leaves are only ¼ as long as the calyx tube.
Some walls formally mark the border between one population and another.
During the ten years of the Republic of Texas, judges determined sentences.
It has ten parallel cylindrical bores whose diameters increase in succession to function as a true conical bore and allow overblowing at the octave.
In 1917–18, GE produced three experimental diesel–electric locomotives using Lemp's control design.
According to Chinese folklore, nunchaku are a variation of the two section staff.
But both spirits are regarded as different aspects of one supreme god.
The variations of tank designs have been determined by the way these three fundamental features are blended.
Into the Eastern Han, the Chinese measured their day schematically, adding the 20-ke difference between the solstices evenly throughout the year, one every nine days.
The squad leader is a staff sergeant and the two fire team leaders are sergeants .
In the North Siberian moose , the posterior division of the main fork divides into three tines, with no distinct flattening.
For short logotypes consisting of two or three characters, multiple companies are found to employ the same letters.
A female is only receptive for three to six days.
Anthers typically consist of four microsporangia and an ovule is an integumented megasporangium.
Based on US data, it is estimated that three people are injured for one killed.
Most of expressways are four-lane roads, while 1,030 kilometres have six to ten lanes.
Booklet brochures are made of multiple sheets most often saddle-stitched, stapled on the creased edge, or perfect bound like a paperback book, and result in eight or more panels.
Other polar patterns are derived by creating a capsule that combines these two effects in different ways.
In the thrust phase all three parts create their own wake, and the flat end of the feet acts like a hydrofoil aligned to give maximum forward thrust.
Common onions are normally available in three colour varieties.
Male cetaceans have two slits, the genital groove concealing the penis and one further behind for the anus.
From a commercial perspective, news is simply one input, along with paper necessary to prepare a final product for distribution.
The OWL2 and the OSPD5 are compiled using four major college-level dictionaries, including Merriam-Webster .
A unit of two to four guns or launchers, or an equivalent headquarters unit.
The reversible plough has two mould-board ploughs mounted back to back, one turning right, the other left.
The two chief uses of the zipper in its early years were for closing boots and tobacco pouches.
Samnite and early Roman pilum-type javelinsPicture of a Thracian Peltast with one javelin in his throwing hand and four javelins in his Pelte hand as additional ammunition
There are three steps in manufacturing a screw: heading, thread rolling, and coating.
Palps have a sensory role and are composed of three sections.
First off, in making base cabinets for kitchens, the cabinet sides would be cut to 34½ inches, yielding four cabinet side blanks per 4 foot by 8 foot sheet.
In simple form the spring is fastened at one end to the driven member
Pictures at an Exhibition, a suite of ten piano pieces by Modest Mussorgsky, has been arranged over twenty times, notably by Maurice Ravel.
Rapid serial visual presentation reading involves presenting the words in a sentence one word at a time at the same location on the display screen, at a specified eccentricity.
In New Zealand, a local grouping of Methodist churches that share one or more ministers is referred to as a parish.
Originally working as a milkman, he founded MacRae and Company Hosiery four years later, manufacturing underwear under the brand name Fortitude .
The first barefoot skiing competition was held three years later, at the 1950 Cypress Gardens Dixie Championships.
This is because inside the chorion two additional membranes develop from embryonic tissue, the amnion and the serosa.
For these groups, he identified three corresponding levels of soul, or biological activity: the nutritive activity of growth, sustenance and reproduction which all life shares
Wince began her career by finishing third in a five furlong maiden race at Leicester Racecourse on 1 June.
Used typically for warfare by Egyptians, the near Easterners and Europeans, it was essentially a two-wheeled light basin carrying one or two passengers, drawn by one to two horses.
Then Rakim showed us that you could put rhymes within a rhyme ... now here comes Big Daddy Kane — instead of going three words, he's going multiple".
Thus, while the skeletons of these three triplets are identical, the directionality of the arrows is partially identifiable.
The men's and women's standings for normal races are calculated over the aggregate of two runs or heats.
The Chula is a song where the singer part is much bigger than the chorus response, usually eight singer verses for one chorus response, but the proportion may vary.
The basic slow step, called a "slow", lasts for one beat, so that a full "right–left" step is equal to one 24 measure.
The palmar grasp reflex is among the primitive reflexes and appears at birth and persists until five or six months of age.
In North America, draft cattle under four years old are called working steers.
A further plate composed of four pairs of bones forms the roof of the mouth
The group contains two to six species, depending on the author.
Various methods and apparatuses for continuous flow tempering have been described by Aasted, Sollich and Buhler, three manufacturers of commercial chocolate equipment, with a focus now on energy efficiency.
The last two or three segments are adapted for reproduction.
Upon hearing Bushnell's comment, the two groups declined his offer.
The sport involves the performance of five separate routines with the use of five apparatus
Achromats are lens groups that bring two different wavelengths of light to the same focus and exhibit greatly reduced false colour.
Docked at the base of the screen, four icons for Phone, Mail, Safari , and Music delineate the iPhone's main purposes.
The parents do not usually feed the chicks individual insects but instead a bolus of food comprising ten to a hundred insects.
Eventually released only in Japan in 1999, the 64DD peripheral's commercial failure there resulted in only nine games being released and precluded further worldwide release.
Consequent to this, he distinguished three orders of life: plants, which feed and grow
In the powers of 5, every power ends with the number five and from 53, if the exponent is odd, then the hundreds digit is 1
It also has a different start from the other three competition swimming styles.
In larger churches, the ambo might be distinguished by three curved steps by which one may reach it from the nave.
There are then three preliminary rounds in the final with the top eight competitors receiving a further three throws.
Among its other rules, the jintishi rules regulate the tonal variations within a poem, including the use of set patterns of the four tones of Middle Chinese.
By analyzing all three isotopes, the cosmogenic component can be resolved from magmatic neon and nucleogenic neon.
Nokia alleges that Apple has been violating ten Nokia patents since the iPhone initial release.
Gratings are usually specified by four parameters.
Of these, those with six eyes are the most numerous and are missing a pair of eyes on the anterior median line
Supports six languages, filtered by form, zone, context, etc.
Cubs as young as six months try to capture small prey like hares and juvenile gazelles.
The mosses, now division Bryophyta , are divided into eight classes:Six of the eight classes contain only one or two genera each.
Also, there are five deadly evils: kam , krodh , moh , lobh , and ankhar .
Gnomes were six inches in height but quite strong, often inflicting pain upon anyone underestimating them.
Treatment First utilizes a less individualistic approach than Housing First and solutions are created under one standard rather than fit to each client's specific needs.
The English, Select Collection of Novels in six volumes , is a milestone in this development of the novel's prestige.
A common example of caster flutter is on a supermarket shopping cart, when one caster rapidly swings side-to-side.
Men often wore Pierre Cardin suits, three piece suits with a vest and double-knit polyester shirt jackets with matching trousers known as the leisure suit.
The great Medici Villa at Castello, built for Cosimo by Benedetto Varchi, featured two monumental fountains on its central axis
Fernandes proposed two subgenera based on basal chromosome number, and then subdivided these into ten sections as did Blanchard.
There were four models with several variations.
Studies have reported that humans can distinguish in the region of one trillion unique aromas.
There are three common ways of arranging stationary bookcases: flat against the wall
These family communication patterns arise from two underlying sets of beliefs.
A full inning consists of six outs, three for each team
In sculling each rower has two oars , one in each hand.
The five pinan forms became known as heian, the three naihanchi forms became known as tekki, seisan as hangetsu, Chintō as gankaku, wanshu as enpi, and so on.
When in uniform and not wearing headdress one does not salute.
Therefore, it is necessary to either stack polyester protected photographs horizontally within a box, or bind them in a three ring binder.
It could carry six passengers, each with 45 pounds of luggage, on the London-Paris route on a fuel consumption of just 13 gal per hour.
In response, two Vattenfall safety engineers, Bengt Odelgard and Per-Olof Weman, started to develop a seat belt.
Also, there are six Tropical Cyclone Warning Centres that provide information to smaller regions.
The viceroy is thus involved in three different Müllerian pairs.
The second time was between 2004–2006, when the top three teams played a two-staged stepladder knockout to decide the League Champion .
There are four main classifications of wheels:A standard wheel has a center rotating hub and a compliant material on its outer side.
In speaking, it is common to round the time to the nearest five minutes and/or express the time as the past the closest hour
The GPS design originally called for 24 SVs, eight each in three approximately circular orbits, but this was modified to six orbital planes with four satellites each.
The first seven pairs of ribs, the true ribs join at the front to the sternal bars.
The strong interaction is the "strongest" of the four fundamental forces.
The Decameron was a compilation of one hundred novelle told by ten people—seven women and three men—fleeing the Black Death by escaping from Florence to the Fiesole hills, in 1348.
More than half of the length of the motorway network consists of six radial motorways originating in Helsinki, to Kirkkonummi , Turku , Tampere , Tuusula, Heinola and Vaalimaa .
Each regiment was assigned two pieces, though he often arranged them into batteries instead of distributing them piecemeal.
The Octopoda consists of around 300 known species and were historically divided into two suborders, the Incirrina and the Cirrina.
Hip hop artist Flo Rida had two No.
The procedure also includes inserting three RFID identification chips and taking DNA samples.
Ocarina music is written in three main ways.
Although daypacks are small averaging ten to thirty litres, all Trekking and Hiking hydration packs are generally the largest and heaviest.
To avoid the use of the two smallest coins, some cash transactions are rounded to the nearest five cents in the Netherlands and Ireland and in Finland .
However, the one monopoly profit theorem is not true if customers in the monopoly good are stranded or poorly informed, or if the tied good has high fixed costs.
There are three types of hound, with several breeds within each type:Sighthounds , that follow prey predominantly by speed, keeping it in sight.
Segmented moats have one dry section and one section filled with water.
The resulting networks of strands produced by these two proteins are known as gluten.
Enclosed within its cellular flesh is the true fruit: five 'cartilaginous' carpels, known colloquially as the "core".
Flamingos, three species of prion, and some ducks are filter feeders.
Heavy volcanic loam soils such as are found in New Zealand require the use of four heavy draught horses to pull a double-furrow plough.
In Poland, in urban areas, there are usually two, or just one “stop”.
The scaffold rests on supports attached to two or more vertical posts.
The litho comprises three layers: the colour, or image, layer which comprises the decorative design
In draft versions of the specification, DVD-5 indeed held five gigabytes, but some parameters were changed later on as explained above, so the capacity decreased.
A crack infantry company could load and fire five rounds in a minute.
The ram was, in turn, connected to the upper of the three links so the increased drag caused the hydraulics to lift the implement until the obstacle was passed.
On their side, these wooden posts came in two forms like an upside-down bell, though this was less common.
A crystal structure is characterized by its unit cell, a small imaginary box containing one or more atoms in a specific spatial arrangement.
Plato also compares the three parts of the soul or psyche to a societal caste system.
Many professionals in the U.S. play CC tubas, with BB♭ also common, and many train in the use of all four pitches of tubas.
It is now a language and culture exchange between the two schools, run by the German department at Allestree Woodlands School.
Annual income of richest 100 people enough to end global poverty four times over.
The four Grenadier Guards inside were rescued by a Saxon armored vehicle.
The square below 1 or the 1 itself are called Erde while the second to last square is the Hölle and the last one is Himmel .
A physical area is demarcated with branches of green bamboo or sakaki at the four corners, between which are strung sacred border ropes .
Incremental changes to the three motions continued to be made.
The other nine sultans have their own istana in their state and throughout the country they are sometimes called Istana Hinggap.
Berkeley's two coffee houses, the Cabale Creamery and the Jabberwock, sponsored performances by folk music artists in a beat setting.
Bughouse chess, for example, is played by four players disputing two simultaneous matches in separate boards.
Albums such as Tubular Bells, Amarok, Hergest Ridge by Mike Oldfield, and Yes's Close to the Edge, include fewer than four tracks, but still surpass the 25-minute mark.
Japanese has six different words, depending upon brilliance or dullness, or if the color is inert or dynamic.
Most communities are self-supporting, and the monastic’s daily life is usually divided into three parts: communal worship in the catholicon
Petco Park features the home bullpen behind the outfield fence and the visitor's bullpen behind that and one level higher.
Generally identified by convention rather than any strict criteria, up to seven regions are commonly regarded as continents geopolitically.
King Kong and Frankenstein's monster are two examples of misunderstood creatures.
His automaton was a boat with four automatic musicians that floated on a lake to entertain guests at royal drinking parties.
These cases are tried in district courts by a jury of nine laymen.
The crown of the anchor is then hauled up with a heavy tackle until one fluke can be hooked over the rail.
Generally three degrees of clearance or down suction are recognized: regular for light soil, deep for ordinary dry soil, and double-deep for clay and gravelly soils.
Adopting a similar configuration as the Espace, the three model lines were launched with front-hinged doors
Orchard ladder, a three legged step ladder with the third leg made so that it can be inserted between tree branches for fruit picking.
Alamo Plaza Hotel Courts, founded 1929 in East Waco, Texas, was the first such chain with seven motor courts by 1936 and more than twenty by 1955.
A semicircle can be used to construct the arithmetic and geometric means of two lengths using straight-edge and compass.
There are three types of fiber: natural, coming from animals , vegetable and synthetic .
There are three main types of contemporary metal handcuffs: chain , hinged , and rigid solid bar handcuffs.
Stanislas Dehaene reports in his book The Number Sense that raccoons can distinguish boxes containing two or four grapes from those containing three.
According to one narrative, Erlik and God swam together over the primordial waters.
By 1985, ten more experimental Block-I satellites had been launched to validate the concept.
The most important in information theory is the relative entropy , which allows one to analogously study maximum likelihood estimation geometrically
Flexor digitorum brevis arise inferiorly on the calcaneus and its three tendons are inserted into the middle phalanges of digits two to four .
The STIHL Timbersports Series was founded in 1985, and brings competitors from across the world to compete in six woodsman or wood chopping competitions.
Some of the main varieties are:Chinese tradition classifies goldfish into four main types.
A properly loaded and controlled air-tight stove will burn safely without further attention for eight hours, or longer.
Modern trumpets have three piston valves, each of which increases the length of tubing when engaged, thereby lowering the pitch.
In each of these cases, one trait is dominant and all the offspring, or Filial-1 generation, showed the dominant trait.
Swords coming from northern Denmark and northern Germany usually contained three or more fake rivets in the hilt.
In 1802, French-born explorer Francis Louis Barrallier encountered the animal when his two Aboriginal guides, returning from a hunt, brought back two koala feet they were intending to eat.
Under RCA's instigation, the two parent companies made their projection equipment compatible, meaning films shot with one system could be screened in theaters equipped for the other.
The twin prime conjecture and Goldbach's conjecture are two unsolved problems in number theory.
There are also an All Star Cheerleader and We Cheer for the Wii in which one does routines at competitions with the Wiimote & Nunchuck.
There are typically nine groups in a clan.
When two figure-eight microphones are used, facing ±45° with respect to the sound source, the X-Y setup is called a Blumlein Pair.
Especially common in Ireland and Scotland, they could be up to five storeys high and succeeded common enclosure castles and were built by a greater social range of people.
This instrument used four air horns to communicate with vessels in foggy weather.
Closest to the stem is a floral tube above the ovary, then an outer ring composed of six tepals , and a central disc to conical shaped corona.
Players from all six inhabited continents currently play in the NBA.
The first elevator shaft preceded the first elevator by four years.
In accordance with the first law for closed systems, energy transferred solely as heat leaves one body and enters another, changing the internal energies of each.
Of the eleven fielders, three are in shot in the image above.
In the Akan conception, we witness five parts of the human personality.
However, eight states also have State Plane Coordinate Systems defined in feet, seven of them in U.S. Survey feet and one in international feet.
In Trinidad and Tobago, Carnival lasts months and culminates in large celebrations on the three days before Ash Wednesday with Dimanche Gras, J'ouvert, and Mas .
For purposes of measuring cloth, the early yard was divided by the binary method into two, four, eight and sixteen parts.
The female may make as many as seven redds before her supply of eggs is exhausted.
The last rite of passage returns the body to the five elements and origins.
When three powers are taken into account as the main functions of the state, local administrations have little power.
British anthropologist Ling Roth in 1900 described four methods of skin marking and suggested they be differentiated under the names "tatu", "moko", "cicatrix" and "keloid".
The Fish often has two or four fins and is specifically designed for surfing smaller waves.
There would be at least six attempts to absorb MIT into Harvard.
Some squatters have lived on land owned by national electricity company Tenaga Nasional for over five decades.
In these experiments, participants were asked to fill one jug with a specific amount of water using only other jugs with different maximum capacities as tools.
The three complained to the Crimson and the newspaper began an investigation.
The Complete Works of William Shakespeare divides the audience into groups assigned to call out the concerns of three components of a character's psyche.
Turning the rope three times is called a triple under.
Eight intersections near Parliament Buildings have silhouettes of suffragette Kate Sheppard, while four intersections along Cuba Street have silhouettes of drag performer and LGBT rights activist Carmen Rupe.
As of 2014, at least one assembled cotton genome had been reported.
There is however a depiction of a crossbow as a hunting weapon on four Pictish stones from early medieval Scotland : St. Vigeans no.
These two corporations aim to merge these highly-capable systems that will provide clients with robust satellite uplinks and downlinks.
At least one resident believes that the graves unique in the region because many are not oriented toward Mecca, and therefore must pre-date Islam.
She supports a social value of privacy with three dimensions: shared perceptions, public values, and collective components.
Thus, from four pseudorange measurements, the receiver can be placed at the intersection of the surfaces of three hyperboloids each with foci at a pair of satellites.
Eusociality appears to have originated from at least three independent origins in halictid bees.
In one case investigators found a locked box containing something bundled in a kerchief and three paper packets, wrapped and tied, containing crushed grasses.
Most single-breasted suits have two or three buttons, and four or more buttons are unusual.
In the Ascomycota, spores develop within microscopic elongated, sac-like cells called asci, which typically contain eight spores in each ascus.
The wake has three parts: the velocity of the water around the hull
The 2007 documentary Planet B-Boy follows five crews from around the world in their journey to the international breaking competition Battle of the Year.
Dobermanns also became popular after winning four Westminster Kennel Club Dog Shows in 1939, 1952, 1953 and 1989.
Neo-Romantic, post-Modern composers have also written significant works for viola including Robin Holloway Viola Concerto op.56 and Sonata op.87, and Peter Seabourne a large five movement work with piano, Pietà.
Thus one retains the corollary while rejecting the principle.
The two, three or four tension arms and a top tube are supported by a torsion bar.
Competitive teams are now beginning around eight years old, if not younger.
For convenience, ceramic products are usually divided into four main types
These regulations allowed twin-engine airliners to make ocean crossings at up to three hours' distance from emergency diversionary airports.
The amateur classical music scene includes two choral societies, Derby Bach Choir and Derby Choral Union
Besides the umbigada, common to all the bahianian samba, the Bahia presented three basic steps: corta-a-jaca, separa-o-visgo, and apanha-o-bag.
In the United States, eight states define explicit legislation for paintball guns.
In Buddhism, prayer flags are used, usually in sets of five differently coloured flags.
However, there are two possible references to the custom of "drowning the shamrock" in "usquebagh" or whiskey.
In April 2002, the Israeli forces killed six active Hamas members in the town, including Ashraf Tamza Daraghmeh—the chief Hamas commander in Tubas and the surrounding area.
In 2017 FISA voted to adopt a new Olympic programme for 2020, whereby the lightweight men's coxless four event was replaced by the women's heavyweight coxless four.
A solid bounded by a cylindrical surface and two parallel planes is called a cylinder.
The outline of these muscles is interrupted by three or more transverse depressions indicating the tendinous intersections.
For example, national boundaries frequently override linguistic difference in determining whether two linguistic varieties are languages or dialects.
Fisher's preferred option was his brainchild, the battlecruiser: lightly armored but heavily armed with eight 12-inch guns and propelled to 25 knots by steam turbines.
Autochrome plates incorporated a mosaic color filter layer made of dyed grains of potato starch, which allowed the three color components to be recorded as adjacent microscopic image fragments.
The show has since gone on for eight seasons and documents the team’s yearly quest to win at the Cheerleading Worlds.
The cube has four classes of symmetry, which can be represented by vertex-transitive coloring the faces.
Corrugated fiberboard is a combination of paperboards, usually two flat liners and one inner fluted corrugated medium.
The green represents hope , the white represents peace and neutrality and the star represents the five inhabited continents.
The term "fat eighth" is also used, for a piece of one quarter yard from half the roll width, the same area as one eighth cut from the roll.
These three broad categories are each divided further to reflect more specific types of violence:physicalsexualpsychologicalemotionalAlternatively, violence can primarily be classified as either instrumental or reactive / hostile.
The first researcher to use pre-loss data, he outlined four trajectories of grief.
When using only one figure-eight microphone, the double MS technique is extremely compact and therefore also perfectly compatible with monophonic playback.
The Fountain of Progress gave its show three times each evening, for twenty minutes, with a series of different colors.
Events of this magnitude occur about as frequently as one in 240 strikes.
The most general of four volumes of the ASHRAE Handbook is Fundamentals
The algorithm is based on three main factors: " movement induced by the presence of other individuals foraging activity, and random diffusion."
Another topological example is a mug with two handles, which is equivalent to a double torus – an object resembling number 8.
It mainly is played by three players.
Collaborations with area Head Start and other private preschools helped fund a public preschool in one district. "
More than one commentator has depicted pop culture judicial panels such as those seen on American Idol and Britain's Got Talent as regularly sneering upon their hapless contestants.
A study on respirator effectiveness conducted in Beijing found that facial fit was the primary contributor to total inward leakage , based on a test of nine different models.
Jackpots would often range from one to four million , and their value would accrue between games until it was scored.
Dizygotic twinning ranges from six per thousand births in Japan to 14 and more per thousand in some African countries.
London has two Test cricket grounds, Lord's in St John's Wood and the Oval in Kennington.
Loss of power to even one or a few rollers on a conveyor can mean the difference between effective and timely delivery, and repetitive nuances that can continually cost downtime.
Some sections are seven-man teams – particularly in the case of the Warrior within armored regiments, as it only seats seven soldiers.
During the following three summers he planned and conducted outings for temperance societies and Sunday school children.
His research revealed that "Lucky people generate their own good fortune via four basic principles.
Stars contain five basic types of ingredients.
A loincloth may take three major forms.
It has five legs: one at each corner plus a central pillar for supporting the relics which are placed in it at its consecration .
RoundaboutA road junction where typically three or more roads are joined by a circular section of road.
Divans have at least one innerspring layer as well as cushioning materials.
QAM used a combination of phase shift and amplitude to encode four bits per symbol.
Water spouts upward in the vasque and pours from the mouths of the lions, filling four channels dividing the courtyard into quadrants.
In general-use gyms, weight plates are typically all one color/finish, and may be of any diameter.
The laminated honing stone shown here has two grades of stone and is carried into the field soaking in a water-filled holster on the belt.
An omnidirectional microphone's response is generally considered to be a perfect sphere in three dimensions.
The British Parliamentary debating style involves four teams: "government" or "proposition" teams support the motion, and two "opposition" teams oppose it.
Lois McMaster Bujold uses her five Gods 'Father, Mother, Son, Daughter and Bastard' in The Curse of Chalion with an example of Hell as formless chaos.
Where early designs had 10 horsepower two-stroke engines, there has been a move toward newer style two and four-stroke gasoline engines, some with over 200 hp .
While it isn't quite as popular as the other two forms of riding a bodyboard, three notable figures that popularized it are Danny Kim, Cavin Yap, and Chris Won Taloa.
Tubas generally have from three to six valves, though some rare exceptions exist.
Two lower-ranking Elders and two Eldresses led each family, women overseeing women and men overseeing men.
There are usually three basic divisions.
The screens on the first three generations have a resolution of 320×480 at 163 ppi
Five teams were able to gather four 10 handicap players each, to make 40 handicap teams: Coronel Suárez, 1975, 1977–1979
A week is a time unit equal to seven days.
The SPAD S.XIII fighter, while appearing to be a two bay biplane, has only one bay, but has the midpoints of the rigging braced with additional struts
Main articles: Grade , Grade separationThere are two common ways to describe the steepness of a road or railroad.
Additionally, a set of cuneiform tablets knows as the "musical texts" provide precise tuning instructions for seven scale of a stringed instrument .
When the stride is sufficiently lengthened, the diagonal pair of beat two breaks, resulting in a four beat gait, the inside hind striking first, before the outside fore.
Though note that the other three of the five most common methods of dismissal involve the stumps and bails being put down.
Bach used it in some of his cantatas, having written for four trombones .
There are three types: "flat" racing
In non-beginners play, there are again two outside hitters on every team in every match.
In 1897, the touchdown scored five points, and the goal after touchdown added another point - hence the current terminology: "extra point".
Pastas are divided into two broad categories: dried and fresh .
Adding the six semitones provided by the three valves, these alternative resonances let the instrument play chromatically down to the fundamental of the open bugle .
World's largest female-only formation: Jump for the Cause, 181 women from 26 countries who jumped from nine planes at 17,000 feet , in 2009.
Lastly, there were five riflemen and the assistant squad leader, who formed the “maneuver element” , designated as “Charlie.”
Instead, growers reproduce the plant by cutting: they remove sections of the vine with six or more leaf nodes, a root opposite each leaf.
Recent classification systems of the genus recognize 10 to 13 species in two distinct subgenera, Engleriana and Fagus.
There are three basic methods walls control water intrusion: moisture storage, drained cladding, or face-sealed cladding.
Having an odd number of leaflets in a compound pinnate leaf, such that there is only one terminal leaflet.
Big game, like moose, most often have a seasonal bag limit of one animal per hunter.
This style includes two individuals, one functioning as the Challenger and the other as the Defender .
Rebuilding took over ten years and was supervised by Robert Hooke as Surveyor of London.
The majority of the staff in a pharmacy are Apotekstekniker or "pharmacy technicians" with a three -semester education at a vocational college.
Harmonics starting three octaves above the fundamental pitch are about a whole step apart, making a useful variety of notes possible.
As with pre-codified "mob football", the antecedent of all modern football codes, these three games involved more handling the ball than kicking.
They communicate with two off-field scorers who record the match's statistical information.
There was, however, one legal skatepark in the country in Frogner Park in Oslo.
Inflatables come in various sizes, commonly four feet or 1.2 meters tall , and six or eight feet tall, running directly from AC mains electricity.
Muslims performing itikaf are required to stay within the mosque for ten consecutive days, often in worship or learning about Islam.
These researchers have also identified four primary functions of heroism.
All three ossicles develop from the neural crest.
Marius received from the King the exclusive right to produce folding umbrellas for five years.
The early Resident Evil video games use a typewriter as the save feature, and use one ink ribbon per save.
Generally, herons lay between three and seven eggs.
Positions in between the two extremes provide different mixes of the two channels.
Bull elk may have eight or more tines on each antler
The Truck Series Chase eliminates only two drivers at the end of its first two rounds.
In one study, wolves detected moose using scent 10 times, vision six times, and once by following tracks in the snow.
Deterioration of whale carcasses happens though a series of three stages.
Females have four teats.
While rope may be made from three or more strands, modern braided rope consists of a braided jacket over strands of fiber .
Through the years, the Finnish Santa Claus has received over eight million letters.
To perform a C-step, a goaltender directs his outside skate at the desired angle, pushing with the opposite leg, covering the five hole.
However, the real birth of Russian opera came with Mikhail Glinka and his two great operas A Life for the Tsar and Ruslan and Lyudmila .
Examples of a current propelled ferry are the four Rhine ferries in Basel, Switzerland.
Contrabass banjos with either three or four strings have also been made
Type II, fast twitch muscle, has three major subtypes that vary in both contractile speed and force generated.
The three chiefs all wear yellow turbans.
The average police patrol vehicle is a specially modified, four door sedan .
Together these four events are called the Majors or Slams .
There are two peptides in the hypothalamus that produce hunger, melanin concentrating hormone and orexin.
For example, the number of three digit three ball patterns is 33 = 27, and the box, , requires /4 = 3 balls.
The relatively long pregnancy is maintained by five corpus luteums and gives the foetus more time to develop, particularly the brain and trunk.
Horses have two olfactory centers.
These two examples occurred when first, Meidias punched Demosthenes in the face in the theater , and second when a defendant allegedly assaulted a man and crowed over the victim.
The dual conveyors rotate in opposite directions, but are operated from one gear box to ensure equal belt speed.
There are new styles of carpet combining the two styles called cut and loop carpeting.
Of the sixteen players who have hit four in one game, six have hit them consecutively.
Stimuli are of three general types.
The annual International Pasty Festival is held in Real del Monte for three days each October.
It contains 54 fully recognised sovereign states , eight territories and two de facto independent states with limited or no recognition.
The 4–2 formation has four hitters and two setters.
The Blogger's Code of Conduct is a list of seven proposed ideas.
Tropospheric clouds form in any of three levels based on altitude range above the Earth's surface.
Above the 1st hole, there is a key that lifts two covers creating the note A in the throat register of the clarinet.
A European study surveying participants from seven cities about self-perceived health based on primary modes of transportation reported favorable results in the bicycle use population.
The league offers four divisions with cash and gear prizes for the different divisions.
Shopping in central Derby is divided into three main areas.
The three main lineages are the Ratufinae , Sciurillinae and all other subfamilies.
The Willis Tower in Chicago used this design, employing nine tubes of varying height to achieve its distinct appearance.
Max and Moritz was a series of seven severely moralistic tales in the vein of German children's stories such as Struwwelpeter .
The Colt Walker, was a single-action revolver with a revolving cylinder holding six charges of black powder behind six bullets .
These four brainwave states are common throughout humans.
The Chase is now divided into four rounds.
In this arrangement, one side of the motor housing is supported by plain bearings riding on a ground and polished journal that is integral to the axle.
Other examples are Offenbach's cello duets, quartet, and sextet, Pärt's Fratres for eight cellos and Boulez' Messagesquisse for seven cellos, or even Villa-Lobos' rarely played Fantasia Concertante for 32 cellos.
Alan Westin defined four states—or experiences—of privacy: solitude, intimacy, anonymity, and reserve.
Normally, fewer than three hairs per area should come out with each pull.
This eventually evolved into the two 12-hour periods which are used today, starting at midnight and noon .
Levels three to six the music is the same for each levels along with the skills within the routine.
He is said to be the ancestor of the winds of the eight directions.
Gemmules from the same species but different individuals can join forces to form one sponge.
The fruit however was compacted in the fossilization process and it was not possible to determine if it had the diagnostic three pores that characterize members of the tribe Cocoseae.
Flued boiler with one or two large flues—an early type or forerunner of fire-tube boiler.
In addition: a five gallon bucket with additional tools, toolbelt suspenders, water jug and lunchbox are recommended.
The Trick competition has been described as the most technical of the three classic water skiing events.
Zoroaster teaches that there are two powers in the universe
In Scherer's components processing model of emotion, five crucial elements of emotion are said to exist.
USA Cheer has three primary objectives: help grow and develop interest and participation in cheer throughout the United States
Giving one spouse responsibility for the other's debts.
An attaché case is a box-style case characteristically made of leather fitted over an internal hinged frame that opens into two compartments.
Although this report by a farmer is doubtful, aggregates of three or four inches width have been observed.
Taharah involves performing wudu for the five daily salah , as well as regularly performing ghusl , which led to bathhouses being built across the Islamic world.
Today, four buttons are common on most business suits and even casual suits.
Piezoelectric film headphones were first developed by Pioneer, their two models used a flat sheet of film that limited the maximum volume of air movement.
Ibn abi Dunya, a 9th-century scholar and tutor to the caliphs, described seven censures in his writings:IreEnvySlanderObscenityIntoxicantsInstruments of pleasureAll etymologies are according to the Oxford English Dictionary.
Since then, the shamrock has regularly appeared alongside the rose, thistle and leek for Wales in British coins such as the two shilling and crown, and in stamps.
Pruning saw: the commonest variety has a 12-28 inch blade, toothed on both edges, one tooth pattern being considerably coarser than the other
Larval ticks hatch with six legs, acquiring the other two after a blood meal and molting into the nymph stage.
A meal often consists of three courses, hors d'œuvre or entrée , plat principal , fromage and/or dessert, sometimes with a salad offered before the cheese or dessert.
A sailboat on three points of sailThe waves give an indication of the true wind direction.
All three mates each do four-hour morning and afternoon shifts on the bridge, when underway at sea.
The World Health Organization guidelines suggest three major full-time educational paths culminating in either a DC, DCM, BSc, or MSc degree.
Double Exposure Blackjack deals the first two cards of the dealer's hand face up.
The standard method of breeding inbred wheat cultivars is by crossing two lines using hand emasculation, then selfing or inbreeding the progeny.
Thus the overall ratios of the three coinages remained roughly equivalent.
The six orthodox schools of Hinduism believe that there is Ātman in every being.
Hand and ball-striking games, such as various handball codes, rebound handball and four square.
However, Skipper & Douglas found that although person- versus process-oriented praise predicted more negative responses to the first failure, all three groups demonstrated similarly negative responses to the second failure.
Six spots are earned through six regional qualifying tournaments.
Bonding can be described with three bonding electron pairs and two antibonding electrons, with spins aligned, such that the molecule has nonzero total angular momentum.
Sometimes an attachment has more features than your forklift has hydraulic functions and one or more need to be added.
At Henley Royal Regatta two crews compete side by side in each round, in a straightforward knock-out format, with no repechages.
During the debate between three leaders, including Socrates, many definitions of courage are mentioned.
When conducting a study with 21 members of a choir at three different points over one year, three themes suggested three areas of benefits
In East Asian tradition, there are five elements: .
Any of the five digits.
It splits the wood into two parts by the pressure concentration at the blade.
Variations of traditional dominoes abound: Triominoes are similar in theory but are triangular and thus have three values per tile.
To major in pharmaceutical studies takes at least five years.
Pumping is achieved by using one or two of the three chains attached to the swing, and two children can pump in turn.
In some escapements , the hand advances every two beats of the balance wheel, typically 1/2-second in those watches, or even every four beats , in the double duplex escapement.
For three hundred years, another of Charleston's narrow lanes, Lodge Alley, served a commercial purpose.
Reciprocating engines in aircraft have three main variants, radial, in-line and flat or horizontally opposed engine.
After shearing, the wool is separated into four main categories: fleece , broken, bellies, and locks.
His top ten list of fears published 2008 consisted of flying, heights, clowns, intimacy, death, rejection, people, snakes, failure, and driving.
In the Ugaritic Baal Cycle, the sea-dragon Lōtanu is described as "the twisting serpent/ the powerful one with seven heads."
However, there are also frequent variants with four or only two kicks per cycle.
In a three piece suit, the cloth used matches the jacket and trousers.
For example, two states of a property may be compared by ratio, difference, or ordinal preference.
Pressing one or more keys on the piano's keyboard causes a padded hammer to strike the strings.
Advertising, however was one area that continued to have legal restrictions.
When the Boston Marathon opened up registration for its 2011 running, the field capacity was filled within eight hours.
Long after the city grew to the seven hills the Palatine remained a desirable residential area.
The shell has three layers.
ACM also defines five sub-disciplines of the computing field:Computer engineering.
A circular drum pad may have only one sensor for triggering, but a 2016-era cymbal-shaped rubber pad/cymbal will often contain two
With suspended monorails, switching may be accomplished by moving flanges inside the beamway to shift trains to one line or another.
Representatives of the two neighboring nations attended the dedication to commemorate the first contiguous freeway connecting the North American countries.
The top four countries generated more than a half of premiums.
Gemini space suits , there were three main variants developed: G3C designed for intra-vehicle use
A "Quad" four fins, typically arranged as two pairs of thrusters in wing formation, which are quick down the line but tend to lose energy through turns.
In Switzerland, paths are classified by three levels of difficulties: Hiking paths , mountain paths and alpine paths .
Hippomenes knew that he could not win in a fair race, so he used three golden apples to distract Atalanta.
The fruits are used by the San people and wild animals for both water and nourishment, allowing survival on a diet of tsamma for six weeks.
One computer took control of 120 lights with six pressure-sensitive detectors measuring inbound and outbound traffic.
A maximum of ten elements from following families are allowed: push-ups, supports and balances, kicks and splits, jumps and leaps.
The four more modest Kresta I-class cruisers, with launchers for four SS-N-3 ASCMs and no reloads, entered service in 1967–69.
The blister beetle Epicauta vittata , for example, has three distinct larval stages.
It had nine large cannons, or spouts, which supplied drinking water to local residents.
But often mathematics inspired by one area proves useful in many areas, and joins the general stock of mathematical concepts.
In narrow situations double-track tram lines sometimes reduce to single track, or, to avoid switches, have the tracks interlaced, e.g. in the Leidsestraat in Amsterdam on three short stretches
The Xfinity Series Dash 4 Cash, consisting of four short events with the winners receiving cash prizes, has been incorporated into that series' Chase.
Framework silicates, or tectosilicates, have tetrahedra that share all four corners.
This involves three departments in the organization completing separate parts of the acquisition process.
This is manufactured as a coiled wire of solder, with one or more continuous bodies of inorganic acid or rosin flux embedded lengthwise inside it.
Today, there are two primary forms of carpet installation: tackless installation and direct glue down.
Four of the seven living genera include extinct species.
The result is a rating of slope stability on a seven step scale.
There are three main types of foundation or bed base:A traditional box spring consists of a rigid frame containing extra heavy duty springs.
Then came Taittinger's Comtes de Champagne , and Laurent-Perrier's Grand Siècle 'La Cuvée' in 1960, a blend of three vintages and Perrier Jouët's La Belle Époque.
For example, the slave Venture Smith, whose history was later published, had been purchased in Africa for four gallons of rum plus a piece of calico.
It has two lines of reflectional symmetry and rotational symmetry of order 2 .
The molecular data supports the monophyletic nature of three sections proposed by Zohary and Heller , but not of Lotoidea .
If one were to be mistimed, product would collide and disrupt operation.
The multisegmented legs end in two to five small segments called tarsi.
The term sometimes meant instead the four horses without the chariot or the chariot alone.
It may also have two wash basins.
Only two percent ride at the elite level of Triple Crown races.
The leaves are large, 50–70 cm in diameter, deeply palmately lobed, with seven lobes.
Film critic Leonard Maltin gave it three out of four stars, calling it an "above-average horror outing builds to good shock sequences".
Researchers have identified impressions of eight arms, two eyes, and possibly an ink sac.
Sylvilagus includes 13 wild rabbit species, among them the seven types of cottontail.
Roosters almost always start crowing before four months of age.
There are also four main areas of inquiry involved with archives: material technologies, organizing principles, geographic locations, and tangled embodiments of humans and non-humans.
All clams have two calcareous shells or valves joined near a hinge with a flexible ligament, and all are filter feeders.
One or two closely related ones occurred in Patagonia, and at least one other—which is or includes the paleeudyptines as recognized today – occurred on most Antarctic and Subantarctic coasts.
Bacon is often smoked with various wood fuels for up to ten hours.
Instruments with seven strings are very rare.
These walks range in length from two miles or five km to 50 miles .
The highest score possible with three darts is 180, commonly known as a "ton 80" , obtained when all three darts land in the triple 20.
A French engineer, Dominique Bertrand used a mixing board specially designed in cooperation with Solid State Logic, based on 5000 series and including six channels.
It can even affect the worship we offer the true God, e.g., when one attributes an importance in some way magical to certain practices otherwise lawful or necessary.
Some airports with international gates have two or three bridges for larger aircraft with multiple entrances.
Ta' Tabibu farmhouse and Ta' Xindi Farmhouse are two typical Maltese farmhouses built with the use of Limestone material.
The three conditions exist here as well: lack of resources
As of 2018, CNG is offered by two full-size bus manufacturers along with Ford and General Motors Type A chassis.
Mare: A female horse four years old and older.
Charitable and other non-profit making organisations often seek one or more influential figureheads to act as patron.
Although mosquegoing is highly encouraged for men, it is permitted to stay at home when one feels at risk from Islamophobic persecution.
It is achieved as if one were rolling an R in the Spanish language.
According to Vitruvius, a good building should satisfy the three principles of firmitas, utilitas, venustas, commonly known by the original translation – firmness, commodity and delight.
This freeway was followed by one between Rosario and Santa Fe.
This early dynamo field apparently expired by about one billion years ago, after the lunar core had completely crystallized.
Since a sound is a vibration of a medium , a sound signal associates a pressure value to every value of time and three space coordinates.
The Sphagnopsida, the peat-mosses, comprise the two living genera Ambuchanania and Sphagnum, as well as fossil taxa.
Robots in healthcare have two main functions.
The exposition attracted over 27 million visitors in six months, and it was because of Kruger's operation that America first heard the term and experienced the self-service dining format.
On a naval or military establishment there are usually two or three Messes:The Officers' Mess, for Commissioned Officers
Modern circular looms use up to ten shuttles driven from below in a circular motion by electromagnets for the weft yarns, and cams to control the warp threads.
When analyzed in the context of language texting in the naturalization processes, the ideology can be found from two distinct but nearly related points.
Luck has three aspects:Luck is good or bad.
The backpack element usually consists of two or three cylinders.
Despite the use of 9 poles and 12 guy ropes, such a tent could be pitched by an family of four in some 10 to 15 minutes.
When the Earth, Moon, and Sun are in line the two main influences combine to produce spring tides
There are three primary components to a higher level of inclusive play:physical accessibility
A plowing team of eight oxen normally consisted of four pairs aged a year apart.
Jonas Hanway, the founder of the Magdalen Hospital, has the credit of being the first man who ventured to dare public reproach and ridicule by carrying one habitually in London.
Passenger trains usually can be divided into two operations: intercity railway and intracity transit.
The two ships avoided a collision by a matter of about 4 feet .
The two base coats of plaster are either hand-applied or machine sprayed.
Horse races are held in Pakistan at four different clubs.
These three books are also the only ones in Tanakh with a special system of cantillation notes that are designed to emphasize parallel stichs within verses.
It is a single-action, pinfire revolver holding six rounds.
In 2010, WhiteWater West began developing a competing product known as the Abyss, utilizing a raft that holds up to six riders.
In stark contrast to this, all four silver halides are known.
The square is in two families of polytopes in two dimensions: hypercube and the cross-polytope.
Goaltenders who hold their trapper high or blocker further out to the side of their body are said to have six and seven holes.
Louis Forrer, Biographical Dictionary of Medallists is an eight volume reference in English listing medallists through history.
After eight months of effectively failing to treat his advancing cancer Marley boarded a plane for his home in Jamaica.
More often, however, one needs to understand large set of possible waves
The index finger has three phalanges.
However, during four months of monsoon known as chaturmaas, they continue to stay in a single place to avoid killing the life forms that thrive during the rains.
At a minimum, four satellites must be in view of the receiver for it to compute four unknown quantities .
The IPPI specifies five stages of paragliding proficiency, from the entry level ParaPro 1 to the most advanced stage 5.
This was followed four years later by De Spar, founded by Jozef Geertz and hosted on the country estate of entrepreneur Oswald Johan de Schampelaere.
The second is dreadfalls, in which one dread is tied into another with either elastic or lace.
The same experiment examined three specific specimens that showed complete blindness and found them to be in good physical standing outside of ocular abnormalities.
Cockatoos have a large bill, which is kept sharp by rasping the two mandibles together when resting.
Typically each sheet will have either six daily strips of a given title or one Sunday strip.
In Cândido Godói, one in five pregnancies has resulted in twins.
Contemporary surfboards often have a centre fin and two cambered side fins.
Where all such turns are replaced with flyovers only 90 degree turns are needed, and there may be four or more distinct levels of traffic.
The rods attached at the necks to facilitate the use of multiple heads with one body.
The pegbox houses four tapered tuning pegs, one for each string.
Principal photography wrapped after five weeks, with seven days dedicated to working with the worms.
At least one ant species has been shown to use venom topically for the sterilisation of pathogens.
The center had eight separate compounds, 10 temples, meditation halls, classrooms, lakes and parks.
True pitchforks typically have two or three tines while manure forks have four or more.
The flat version can hold three or more children.
When in anatomical position there are four main bony landmarks of the elbow.
Dodds asked Ludwig to raise the newly produced low hats nine inches higher to make it easier to play, thus creating the modern hi-hat cymbal.
There are three special angle pairs which involve the summation of angles:Complementary angles are angle pairs whose measures sum to one right angle .
The Sanzaru, or three wise monkeys, are revered in Japanese folklore
There are five elements in this universe: Dharti, Agni, Jal, Vayu evam Akash .
Rocket Lab launched three cubesats into orbit on the Electron in 2018.
These terms created a negative image of Chinese farmers by making a class distinction where one had not previously existed.
These had launchers for eight large-diameter missiles whose purpose was initially unclear to NATO.
The aluminosilicates –bkyanite, andalusite, and sillimanite, all Al2SiO5 – are structurally composed of one 4− tetrahedron, and one Al3+ in octahedral coordination.
Crew served weapons – larger than personal weapons, requiring two or more people to operate correctly.
It shows a triangular formation of ten pins chronologically before it appeared in the United States.
Currently four tournaments are Premier Mandatory, five tournaments are Premier 5, and twelve tournaments are Premier.
The cube has four special orthogonal projections, centered, on a vertex, edges, face and normal to its vertex figure.
Each weekday, five vessels transport about 65,000 passengers on 109 boat trips.
The earliest clock tower was the Tower of the Winds in Athens which featured eight sundials.
The coaching "model emphasizes the simultaneous use of four strategies: one-on-one teacher engagement
There are three amateur rugby league teams in York
Six of these were in crashes of training jet aircraft, one drowned during water recovery training, and four were due to fires in pure oxygen environments.
White-winged gull is used to describe the four pale-winged, high Arctic-breeding taxa within the former group
They were taken by four British frigates who shared the money, each captain receiving £40,730.
This produces a "12 lead" ECG .There are five prominent features on the ECG: the P wave , the QRS complex and the T wave .
Practically, few conversations fall exclusively into one category.
Only by behaving humbly can one be open to Karate's many lessons.
A typical cell reference in "A1" style consists of one or two case-insensitive letters to identify the column followed by a row number .
They earn only five francs a month and the payment was even lower before".
Total technical harmonization already has been achieved in three vehicle categories and soon will extend to other vehicle categories .
People used to bet on the name of Great Council members, who were drawn by chance, five out of ninety candidates every six months .
All three had been compared to the Imperial standard before the fire.
They trail their eight appendages behind them as they swim.
A horizontal sliding sash window has two or more sashes that overlap slightly but slide horizontally within the frame.
Children under two years typically have no disgust response to it, suggesting it is culturally derived.
So if someone in Secondary three is asked "what grade/year are you in?"
Many institutions have several different yells, a favorite variation being the name of the college shouted nine times in a slow and prolonged manner.
The genus Rosa is subdivided into four subgenera:Hulthemia containing two species from southwest Asia, Rosa persica and Rosa berberifolia, which are the only roses without compound leaves or stipules.
This array uses back to back cardioid microphones, one facing forward, the other backwards, combined with either one or two figure-eight microphone.
Early color sets were either floor-standing console models or tabletop versions nearly as bulky and heavy, so in practice they remained firmly anchored in one place.
Finnish housing cooperatives are incorporated as limited-liability companies , where one share usually represents one square meter of the apartment.
The warning lamps initially used for school buses consisted of four red warning lights.
Titanic's crew were divided into three principal departments: Deck, with 66 crew
Add to that the rigid physical examination each must undergo four times every year, and you are assured of the bloom that goes with perfect health.
Generally, one seed is present, but occasionally two occur.
Watercolor paint consists of four principal ingredients: a pigment
Fruits as young as two weeks old have been spotted with dark-green ringspots about one inch in diameter.
The first is Corpus Inscriptionum Graecarum of which four volumes came out, again at Berlin, 1825-1877.
It is performed quickly on alternating feet and results in a complete rotation for every two steps taken.
The three heavier members are volatile molecular compounds, whereas the tetrafluoride is polymeric.
Paste combines three agents - oil, water, and powder.
Even still, three core reasons underpin and justify the use of set-off.
This enables a youngster to run six looms at the same time.
Devlin explained jury equity through two now-famous metaphors: that the jury is "the lamp that shows that freedom lives" and that it is a "little parliament".
Technology commentator Ross Rubin argued two and a half years later in Engadget that "Netbooks never got any respect.
A less strict application of the word is to identify one artillery weapon system or non-machine gun projectile armament on aircraft.
The main signs are categorized into four meaning types: Guidance ,Warning ,Regulation ,And instruction .
The central two parishes occupy the centre of the island and offer many direct routes from north to south through a number of valleys including water works valley.
Some large stations are built as culs-de-sac, with trains only operating out from one direction.
Bulls become fertile at about seven months of age.
Jellyfish range from about one millimeter in bell height and diameter, to nearly 2 metres in bell height and diameter
Conservatives rebelled and for three years the War of the Reform was fought, with the Conservative army defeated on the battle field.
Golf clubs have traditionally been arranged into three basic types.
George Schaller observed a male share a kill with two females and four cubs.
Contemporary American "rocks" glasses may be much larger, and used for a variety of beverages over iceShot glass, a small glass for up to four ounces of liquor.
Harold Lasswell's popular model of the policy cycle divided the process into seven distinct stages, asking questions of both how and they how public policies should be made.
The current GPS consists of three major segments.
Lack of at least one source induces a degeneration.
This represents the predecessor of two formats: the cafeteria, described below, and the automat.
Dams can produce a block for migrating fish, trapping them in one area, producing food and a habitat for various water-birds.
The original Wieprecht and Moritz instrument used five valves of the Berlinerpumpen type that were the forerunners of the modern piston valve.
The flowers are 1–2 cm across, yellow, with five pointed lobes on the corolla
These trends are held across all four studies and for both complex and abstract questions.
The extra two seasons denoting the freezing and breaking up of the ice on rivers and lakes.
By 12 months old, infants move up to five meters from their mothers.
Bacterial and fungal degradation was detected in four samples of marble from Milan cathedral
The Chinese trigger mechanism was a vertical lever composed of four bronze pieces secured together by two bronze rods.
Of the four types of light-orientated dances, gloving in particular has evolved beyond and outside of the rave culture.
All other forces in nature derive from these four fundamental interactions.
Price typically then jumps from low to mid hundreds of pounds/dollars/euros to a four figure price range, with individually custom manufactured lightweight chairs with more options.
The spring release was used in the past almost universally on trailing-type ploughs with one to three or four bottoms.
Mai ek is required for seven syllables and Mai tho is required for four, as shown below. "
Herds tend to employ one or more scouts while the remaining members eat and rest.
By combining these two aspects , two positive results can be achieved: protecting memories of the past and connecting ecosystems with multiple-use corridors.
Previously, a solo was meant to fit into a given chord progression, but with modal jazz, the soloist creates a melody using one modes.
The two popular styles are the full decorated "instrumental style" sitars and the "gayaki style" sitars.
The cube can be cut into six identical square pyramids.
There were 139.48 million inbound trips and five billion domestic trips.
The pint is traditionally one eighth of a gallon.
Also, there has to be three coins and three straw shoes.
Anvil pruners have only one blade, which closes onto a flat surface
Many trainees like to cycle between the two methods in order to prevent the body from adapting , possibly emphasizing whichever method more suits their goals
In 2003–2005 the mare Makybe Diva became the only racehorse to ever win the Melbourne Cup three times, let alone in consecutive years.
XO or Napoléon designates a blend in which the youngest brandy is stored for at least six years.
As one gets into three or more masts the number of combinations rises and one gets barques, barquentines, and full-rigged ships.
The remaining five union territories are directly ruled by the central government through appointed administrators.
Airliners usually have two or four jet engines
United StatesCommonly sold in gallon , half-gallon and quart containers of natural-colored HDPE resin, or, for sizes less than one gallon, cartons of waxed paperboard.
In Güímar itself there were nine pyramids, only six of which survive.
Usually, the server is allowed two opportunities to put the ball into play , although elite level competitions often allow the server only one opportunity .
In addition, all goldfish varieties have the potential to reach 5 inches in total length, with single-tailed breeds often exceeding one foot .
This traditional concept of five senses is common today.
Among non-living things, snowflakes have striking sixfold symmetry: each flake is unique, its structure recording the varying conditions during its crystallisation similarly on each of its six arms.
Compositions for four singers have been written for quartets a cappella
For most surfaces the focal surface forms two sheets that are each a surface and meet at umbilical points.
The normal constitution of the chapter of a secular cathedral church comprised four dignitaries , in addition to the canons.
The two rear flight attendants, Sharon Ford and Jacqui Ubanski, who opened the rear doors but were overwhelmed by fire and smoke were awarded the same medal posthumously.
Every man who shall become a cripple or lose a limb in the service shall have 800 pieces of eight from the common stock and for lesser hurts proportionately.
Some luthiers, such as Stefan Sobell also refer to the octave mandola or a shorter-scaled Irish bouzouki as a cittern, irrespective of whether it has four or five courses.
In most cases, one pass is for hand tricks, which includes surface turns, rotations over the wake, and flips.
This curtain style is often designed as two stationary panels at the sides of a window.
These two books gave rise to a genre of Safari adventure novels and films.
Perfume is described in a musical metaphor as having three sets of notes, making the harmonious scent accord.
In Ireland, pupils officially start with primary school which consists of eight years: junior infants, senior infants, first class to sixth class .
Clean/dirty lockers normally have two or three parts within the locker.
They are made of 280 hand-made pieces using eight types of wood .
Turkeys were at one time mainly consumed on special occasions such as Christmas or Thanksgiving .
The term "ice dam" has three meanings .
All four of these broadcast services grew increasingly vitriolic as the European nations prepared for war.
This means that at busy junctions without a protected green arrow for turning traffic, one turns after the light turns red.
However, all three use the movement of actin against myosin to create contraction.
The mono-wing wingsuit design incorporates the whole suit into one large wing.
Most authorities recognize three species within the perch genus:The European perch is found in Europe and Asia.
The ovary typically develops into a capsule that is dehiscent by three or six longitudinal slits, while remaining closed at both ends.
There are three main types of chainsaw sharpeners - Handheld File, Electric Chain Saw and Bar Mounted.
The Indian Mahatma Gandhi described the process:English people buy Indian cotton in the field, picked by Indian labor at seven cents a day, through an optional monopoly.
Observant Jews recite three times a day in the Amidah "Favor us with knowledge, understanding and discretion that come from you.
The Kiepert hyperbola is the unique conic which passes through the triangle's three vertices, its centroid, and its circumcenter.
The oldest known textiles found in the Americas are remnants of six finely woven textiles and cordage found in Guitarrero Cave, Peru.
Space can also be saved by using a sectional two-piece rigid dinghy that is towed while in harbour and disassembled into two nesting pieces while off-shore
If one rows with poor technique, especially rowing with a curved rather than straight back, other injuries may surface, including back pains.
This led to the phrase true stereo, "used to describe the architecture of modern effect units that can truly process a stereo input as two discrete channels.
However the inclined plane was the last of the six classic simple machines to be recognised as a machine.
There are variations in licensing requirements, however, all states recognize three basic skill categories: level electricians.
Heifers will weigh at least 200 kg at eight months of age.
The original machines were of the vertical design similar to the one photographed by Greene Co. Historical Society.
Subtitles exist in two forms
Buescher custom produced one straight baritone saxophone as novelty instrument for a vaudeville performer.
In other cases a list of gods by whom the two parties must swear is prescribed.
Together, the two projects help define tactics available to protesters and document instances of their use.
Strings at eight foot pitch sound at the normal expected pitch, strings at four foot pitch sound an octave higher.
At its simplest the primary vein types can be considered in three or four groups depending on the plant divisions being considered
Maiko of Pontocho will wear an additional six hairstyles leading up to Sakkō, including Oshidori, Kikugasane, Yuiwata, Suisha, Oshun, and Osafune.
It was sold with three different accessory packages as the Outdoor, Motorsports, and Surf Editions.
The word shedim appears in two places in the Tanakh .
In the summer of 46 BCE Julius Caesar chose to celebrate four triumphs held on different days extending for about one month."
In the British Isles alone, 234 microspecies are recognised in nine loosely defined sections, of which 40 are "probably endemic".
Research that tested the competing hypotheses generated by all four models also supported the Action Tendency Model.
The term originally referred to portions of a log that had been riven into four or six sections.
High aspect ratio canopies typically have nine or more cells.
Researchers used three cognitive assessments: Mini-Mental State Examination , Fuld object memory evaluation, and symbol digit modality test.
In Germany three major organizations exist that train people in swimming, lifesaving and which maintain lifeguard services at public beaches, lakes etc.
She had the profile of a ship of the line, cut to one deck due to weight considerations.
The actual fitting that holds the oar may be as simple as one or two pegs or a metal oarlock .
Many armies issue pup tents as shelter halves, with each soldier carrying half a tent in his field gear, so two soldiers together can pitch a tent and share it.
The daily food in most Sindhi households consists of wheat-based flatbread and rice accompanied by two dishes, one gravy and one dry.
New logo: In 2010, with the separation of the Ram brand, two new Dodge logos were unveiled.
The air attacks on Rabaul crippled the Japanese cruiser force, with four heavy and two light cruisers damaged
This process may involve the user providing quotes from three separate suppliers.
In Mozambique, specifically, there are two kinds of Qur’anic schools.
In line with Aristotelian cosmology, Thomas Aquinas posed a hierarchy prioritizing Aristotle's four causes: "final > efficient > material > formal".
He thus described reason as a group of three autonomous spheres :Cognitive–instrumental reason is the kind of reason employed by the sciences.
At any one time no more than two consecutive segments under the tram should actually be live.
Seven of the eight Monon-built cabooses have been saved.
The Cranberry Marketing Committee is an organization that represents United States cranberry growers in four marketing order districts.
The capstans were also used to raise and lower the ship's five anchors .
Excessive stress can shear one or both of these hooks rendering the knife effectively useless.
There are four recognised colors: sable, tri-color, blue merle and color headed white.
The horn comes in particular good use during the rough horseback sport of buskashi, played throughout Central Asia, which involves two teams of riders wrestling over a decapitated goat's carcass.
In the next hundred years, three schools of tablature notation gradually developed: Italian , German, and French.
In the New Testament, six verses mention salt.
It is three-carpelate and one or, more rarely, three-partitioned, with parietal placentation .
There are three basic forms of street performance"Circle shows" are shows that tend to gather a crowd around them.
Instruments with 6 or 8 strings in four courses are often called taropatches, or taropatch ʻukuleles.
The Jersey Football Combination has nine teams in its top division.
He holds three world titles.
The two most common transverse ocarinas are 10-hole and 12-hole.
The Warre hive differs from other stacked hive systems in one fundamental aspect: when the bees need more space as the colony expands, the new box is "nadired".
In addition to the basic salary, sekitori wrestlers also receive additional bonus income, called mochikyūkin, six times a year based on the cumulative performance in their career to date.
YRBSS monitors six categories of priority health-risk behaviors among youth and young adults.
The animal's body is held protectively inside these two shells.
In skaldic poetry, the dróttkvætt stanza had eight lines, each having three "lifts" produced with alliteration or assonance.
Using more than four involves an over-determined system of equations with no unique solution
By 1997, there were two companies left: Sega Pinball and Williams.
Scripto's liquid graphite formula came out about three months before Parker's liquid lead formula.
The line connecting the two satellites involved forms the axis of the hyperboloid.
It consists of four basic elements called the "four Ps".
The piece is suspended on two hooks attached to two opposite posts rising from the chassis.
Transformers today are designed on the principles discovered by the three engineers.
According to Jacobsen, Yoga has five principal traditional meanings:a disciplined method for attaining a goal
Explaining his twice-yearly covers for Institutional Investor magazine, Viviano has said that his upper limit is sixty caricatures in nine days.
Hanging Five is having just one foot near the front, with five toes off the edge.
The run, which is still in operation as of 2014, has served as a host track for skeleton at two Winter Olympics .
Roughly 625 pounds of leaves were harvested per hectare, six times per year.
In diamond they are sp3 and the atoms form tetrahedra with each bound to four nearest neighbors.
The ICAEW, ICAS, ICAI, ACCA and AAPA are five Recognised Supervisory Bodies in the UK.
Communication and a positive endeavor are two main aspects of it either through enterprise or through independent pursuit.
Extremely small errors in the initial input, such as temperatures and winds, within numerical models double every five days.
Low-grade gold ore may contain less than one ppm gold metal
It carried the highest prize money amongst three types of sweepstakes.
In the English method, one fold results in two fat layers and three dough layers.
And ritual itself may be broken down into four dimensions
Iromuji may occasionally have one kamon, though likely no more than this, and are always made of silk.
In the General Theory of Verbal Humour, the SSTH was relabelled as a Logical Mechanism and added to five other independent Knowledge Resources .
J. G. Agardh divided Algae into six orders: Diatomaceae, Nostochineae, Confervoideae, Ulvaceae, Floriadeae and Fucoideae.
Resonator guitars may have either one or three resonator cones.
Titanic had 16 sets of davits, each able to handle four lifeboats as Carlisle had planned.
Hors d'âge is a designation which is formally equal to XO for Cognac, but for Armagnac designates brandy that is at least ten years old.
There was only one ancient signalling system described that does meet these criteria.
Modern penguins constitute two undisputed clades and another two more basal genera with more ambiguous relationships.
There are four museums: Derby Museum and Art Gallery
It features ten different women singing and dancing with the two guys of Los del Río.
One contemporary form of mass tourism, package tourism, still incorporates the partnership between these three groups.
Another four churches were excavated nearby with traces of mosaic decoration.
Contrabass trombones in the key of F typically have two valves tuned to C and D♭ respectively.
Up to six rows can be used if the mail is sent abroad:Line ordering may not be changed.
Hoodies were later adopted by hip hop culture as a symbol of what one reporter termed "cool anonymity and vague menace."
The Yamaha Niken is also a tilting three wheeler but has smaller track width such that it is considered a motorcycle by some authorities.
Using a large international sample researchers found that there are three factors that motivate leaders
In particular, copper one-cent pieces contained about two cents' worth of copper.
The IUCN lists six bear species as vulnerable
Chords are inverted simply by raising one or two notes by three strings.
Instead, professional Indian men began wearing the five button Nehru suit, made from khadi to support the local textile industry.
A simple blade intended for cutting has two faces that meet at an edge.
This was solved either by a compromise shape, or by using two hulls
This domed-square unit is the defining element of the three basic Ottoman mosque plans: the single unit mosque, multi-unit mosque, and eyvan mosque.
The modern barn largely developed from the three aisled medieval barn, commonly known as tithe barn or monastic barn.
Examples of such associations include four species of gulls feeding around plumes of mud brought to the surface by feeding grey whales, and also between orcas and kelp gulls .
This differs from the American system, whose last two digits match the primary route.
A simple mnemonic aid exists to assist with conversion, as three "3"s:1 metre is nearly equivalent to 3 feet ​3 3⁄8 inches.
While most species flower in late winter to spring, five species are autumn flowering .
The first four Olympics were not held in pools, but in open water .
A ridging plough has two back-to-back mould boards cutting a deep furrow on each pass with high ridges either side.
The low spandrels give space for the symbols of the four Evangelists.
Little League games are scheduled for six innings and may be shortened further if a team has an overwhelming scoring lead.
Therefore, approximately 0.5 kg of dried pasta serves up to four people.
His 1945 book on the four centuries of the European power struggle, Ludwig Dehio titled The Precarious Balance.
The collision caused the hull plates to buckle inwards along her starboard side and opened five of her sixteen watertight compartments to the sea
They are now manufactured with only three strings.
For example, in an analysis of urban systems dynamics, A .W. Steiss defined five intersecting systems, including the physical subsystem and behavioral system.
The two most widespread subspecies are the eastern raccoon and the Upper Mississippi Valley raccoon .
In 2014, the three top motorcycle producers globally by volume were Honda , Yamaha , and Hero MotoCorp .
The success of these two 1996 zombie games inspired a wave of Asian zombie films.
The Naval Research Laboratory continued making advances with their Timation satellites, first launched in 1967, with the third one in 1974 carrying the first atomic clock into orbit.
The design was initially noted for its powerful armament of six five-inch guns and three triple torpedo mounts.
The adjacent picture shows "+ 00:00:07", approximately seven seconds after liftoff.
The first three pairs, the maxillipeds, Latin for "jaw feet", are used as mouthparts.
All four are photosensitive , especially the bromide and iodide which photodecompose to silver metal, and thus were used in traditional photography.
Melville also had six divisions, based on the order in which veins develop.
There are four settlements which are historically and officially designated as towns
Marketed as an alternative to sedan-derived small family cars, LAVs have seating with a lower H-point than MPVs or minivans, offering two rows of seating.
Arc welding falls between these two extremes, with the individual processes varying somewhat in heat input.
Brahms and Schubert wrote numerous pieces for four voices that were once popular in private salons, although they are seldom performed today.
Execution requires the thrower to place one foot on the nearest outer line to the cause.
To endure through anoxic conditions, such as winter periods trapped beneath ice or within anoxic mud at the bottom of ponds, turtles utilize two general physiological mechanisms.
Numbers divisible by five are intended to be major arteries among the primary routes, carrying traffic long distances.
Sometimes, especially at larger clubs in Continental European countries, one gets only a pay card at the entrance, on which all money spent in the discothèque is marked.
There are two constituents of a primordial emotion--the specific sensation which when severe may be imperious, and the compelling intention for gratification by a consummatory act."
The rug mentioned in the Kaptavan inscriptions is composed of three arches, "covered with vegatative ornaments", and bears an artistic resemblance to the illuminated manuscripts produced in Artsakh.
With nine 16-inch guns apiece against eight 14-inch guns on Kirishima, the Americans had major gun and armor advantages.
The female cones take 1.5–3 years to mature after pollination, with actual fertilization delayed one year.
Androecium: The flowers have six distinct, basifixed introrse stamens arranged in two whorls of three, which vary in length and may be glabrous or hairy.
The modern corrida is highly ritualized, with three distinct stages or tercios
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.
The three outer tepal segments may be considered sepals, and the three inner segments petals.
A ship collision accurately involves at least two moving maritime vessels hitting each other, or the related term, allision , when a moving ship strikes a stationary ship.
Forklift operator training is divided into two types:Operator's certificate , to operate a forklift in a private yard or area.
Some such microphones have an adjustable angle of coverage between the two channels.
One frailty scale uses five items: unintentional weight loss, muscle weakness, exhaustion, low physical activity, and slowed walking speed.
It crosses beneath a mountain at 2,500 m above sea level with six traffic lanes, and it has a parallel emergency tunnel.
Dozer blades usually come in three varieties:A straight blade which is short and has no lateral curve and no side wings and can be used for fine grading.
Usually challenges were delivered in writing by one or more close friends who acted as "seconds".
The three halls create an open courtyard, in which was originally located a separate baptistery.
Around three months of age, the young begin to follow the mother on hunts.
Dune areas may occur in three forms: simple , compound , and complex .
The sergeant structure varies among state police forces, generally two sergeant ranks are commonly classed as non-commissioned officers:Sergeant
The player then draws tiles from the bag to replenish their rack to seven tiles.
Flamma was awarded the rudis four times, but chose to remain a gladiator.
Abhishek Tiwari and Lori Hall have devised a typology of six broad activity categories of the protest activities described in the Dynamics of Collective Action project.
As opposed to sweep boats, where the rowers only have one oar each – coxless pair, coxless four etc.
First year students are called "fuksi" and students that have studied more than five years are called "N:nnen vuoden opiskelija" .
As one Guatemalan website states, "To mention the Carnival of Mazatenango is to bring to mind moments of a happy and cordial party.
Between 1939 and 1943, four different stories featuring Flossy appeared on American Weekly covers.
The differences between the everyday and botanical uses of "berry" results in three categories: those fruits that are berries under both definitions
Koalas consume up to 400 grams of leaves a day, spread over four to six feeding sessions.
Over two-thirds reported it among their five most meaningful and spiritually significant events.
Hazards are sometimes classified into three modes or statuses:Dormant—The situation environment is currently affected.
It consists of two meshed gears that rotate in a closely fitted casing.
Biological information is replicated as the two strands are separated.
Combinations can vary significantly, but a purchasing department and accounts payable are usually two of the three departments involved.
The four states of mind recognized as constituting "malice" are:Under state of mind , intent to kill, the deadly weapon rule applies.
After the first three chambers, food moves into the abomasum for final digestion before processing by the intestines.
A cube can also be considered the limiting case of a 3D superellipsoid as all three exponents approach infinity.
The female flowers have a superior ovary and five contorted petals loosely connected at the base.
By 1919, Jevons's four functions of money were summarized in the couplet:Money's a matter of functions four,A Medium, a Measure, a Standard, a Store.
Virgil also mentions narcissi three times in the Eclogues.
The nine commercially important species of salmon occur in two genera.
Ṛg-veda mentions three realms, bhūr , svar and bhuvas or antarikṣa .
The handle of medical scalpels come in two basic types.
King Clancy was named the head coach on three separate occasions while Charles Querrie and Punch Imlach served the position on two occasions.
Engines are 350 cc two strokes or 600 cc four strokes.
Outdoor Site-Lighting Performance is a method for predicting and measuring three different aspects of light pollution: glow, trespass and glare.
Extended service: Water, wet chemical, foam, and powder extinguishers require a more detailed examination every five years, including a test discharge and recharge.
Bombers such as the Convair B-58 Hustler seated three crew members in tandem.
In those two months, Christian populations used their several holidays as an outlet for their daily frustrations.
The positioning of the three legs away from the vertical centre allows the tripod better leverage for resisting lateral forces.
Clouds in the troposphere assume five physical forms based on structure and process of formation.
Argasid ticks, unlike ixodid ticks, may go through up to seven nymphal stages , requiring a meal of blood each time.
The six divisions in sumo, in descending order of prestige, are:makuuchi .
The three most commonly used sound radiation systems are the cone, dome and horn type drivers.
Fratzog: Dodge's logo from September 1962 through 1981 was a fractured deltoid composed of three arrowhead shapes forming a three-pointed star.
Myxophaga contains about 65 described species in four families, mostly very small, including Hydroscaphidae and the genus Sphaerius.
In phyllosilicates, a sheet structure is formed which requires three shared oxygens
Another study was done in 2001 by Conroy, Poczwardowski, and Henschen that created five aversive consequences of failing that have been repeated over time.
After entomophilous pollination, the corolla falls off and four round achenes develop inside the bilabiate calyx.
The simplest model was a "wash blouse, navy, white spotted", the most expensive one "blouse, white, wash, with tip and stick".
Oceanographers usually measure underwater pressure in decibars because pressure in the ocean increases by approximately one decibar per metre depth.
The five fingers are lined together It perfectly mirrors the gesture made when knights greeted each other to show friendly intentions by raising their visors to show their faces.
The Annunciation occupies the two pillars next to the altar.
Exceptions occur in three groups of cacti.
Two teams of two compete through six rounds of argument, giving persuasive speeches on a particular topic.
Host rocks in a mantle keel include harzburgite and lherzolite, two type of peridotite.
For example, a very common variant sounds a single open tone with the third stroke of clave , and two tones preceding the three-side of clave.
In 2017, the Cat Classification Task Force of the Cat Specialist Group revised felid taxonomy and recognized these four subspecies as valid
Breath force can change the pitch by three semitones.
The lack of a differential means that one rear tire must slide while cornering.
In a 1974 study by Hart and Setlow, it was found that DNA excision repair capability increased systematically with species lifespan among seven mammalian species.
Traffic signs in Colombia are classified into three categories: Warning signsMandatory signsInformation signs.
More recently, manufacturer Stuart & Sons created a piano with 108 keys, going from C0 to B8, covering nine full octaves.
In one occasion, a few Hindus in Cachar caught some Englishman eating biscuits with tea which caused an uproar.
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the Government of Portugal created seven shadow toll concessions, the SCUT toll .
Festivities continue with concerts and shows in the Praça do Município for five consecutive days.
It had eight finger holes, like a recorder, and two keys for its two highest notes.
For example, the plagioclase feldspars comprise a continuous series from sodium-rich end member albite to calcium-rich anorthite with four recognized intermediate varieties between them : oligoclase, andesine, labradorite, and bytownite.
Scholars note that in China there is no clear boundary between three teachings religions and local folk religious practice.
Over the centuries, three distinct Elamite scripts developed.
The Keating Five were five United States Senators accused of corruption in 1989.
I‑87 in New York State is numbered in three sections.
Eleven people have lost their lives training for spaceflight: eight Americans and three Russians.
In 1556, the government of Venice first published the monthly Notizie scritte, which cost one gazetta.
There are four lines of reflectional symmetry and it has rotational symmetry of order 4 .
There are four useful heights used to evaluate appropriate tent height: lie down only, sit, kneel, stand.
At the top are three rocks forming an "A".
Triathletes compete for fastest overall course completion, including timed transitions between the three races.
Traffic volume must exceed prescribed minima for four hours of an average day.
They warn of the dangers interpretations could suffer from when associating the subject of inherently meaningful words and language with the personality of one authorial voice.
Thunderstorm cells occasionally form in isolation, as the occurrence of one thunderstorm can develop an outflow boundary that sets up new thunderstorm development.
In Birmingham, around ten private baths were available in the 1830s.
A third of these species fall within the nine largest families
Counts also noted similarities to Squirm with Straw Dogs for its theme of "masculine ideals", comparing the two male leads having to play the hero in their situation and demeanor.
Although, when a habit forces one action, but a conscious goal pushes for another action, an oppositional context occurs.
Walk-up flats of two to three storeys however were common in the middle suburbs of cities for lower income groups.
Redundancy due to backing up similarly configured workstations can be reduced, thus storing just one copy.
By 1912, all three Olympic disciplines still seen today were part of the games.
Tulips grown from seeds often need five to eight years before plants are of flowering size.
There are six different mechanisms theorized to result in the formation of downward positive lightning.
There are four main knots used to knot neckties.
The hammer became the number one tool.
Contemporary significant pit bulls are: Weela, who helped save 32 people, 29 dogs, three horses, and one cat during Southern California's widespread flooding in 1993
The competition involves teams of three riders representing their nations.
Momboisse developed a system of four types: casual, conventional, expressive, and aggressive.
In May 2006, a cable escaped the sheaves on the Arthurs Seat, Victoria chairlift in Australia causing four chairs to crash into one another.
May be made of from four to twenty-four shaped sections.
Two extant and six extinct species are recognised.
In Bulgaria, multiple voice-over is also common, but each film is normally voiced by three to six actors.
The two living species are the American alligator and the Chinese alligator .
The later division of the day into 12 hours was accomplished by sundials marked with ten equal divisions.
To produce the humour in the verbal joke, the two interpretations need to be both compatible with the joke text AND opposite or incompatible with each other.
In Pakistan Cheetos are available in six different flavors: Bites: Vegetable, Stars: Cream N' Herb, Ocean Safari: Cheese, X & O: Spicy Twist, Red Flavoured Mast and Ketchup.
The six different crystal forms have different properties.
One simple combination is two simple sources separated by a distance and vibrating out of phase, one miniature sphere expanding while the other is contracting.
To harvest cranberries, the beds are flooded with six to eight inches of water above the vines.
The three recommended agents meet minimum performance standards, but uptake has been slow because of disadvantages.
Regional Internet registries were established for five regions of the world.
It is consumed orally, in two forms: through sweetened strands , or in a shredded form .
The Irish polka is dance music form in 24, typically 32 bars in length and subdivided into four parts, each 8 bars in length and played AABB.
Many countries actually used two brigade command ranks, which is why some countries now use two stars as their brigade general insignia.
Cloud-ground lightning typically consist of two or more return strokes, from ground to cloud.
The four paired extrinsic muscles change the position of the tongue and are anchored to bone.
In 1935 brassières were updated with padded cups to flatter small breasts and three years later underwire bras were introduced that gave a protruding bustline.
Another option is to have one room for body washing and another for the toilet and handwashing sink .
By contrast, the original ITU V.22 standard, which could transmit and receive four distinct symbols , transmitted 1,200 bits by sending 600 symbols per second using phase-shift keying.
Müllerian mimicry, where two or more harmful species mutually advertise themselves as harmful.
Mounting hardware is a set of eight 10-32 UNF bolts, usually an Allen or Phillips head, and matching nylon locknuts.
Irish whiskeys are normally distilled three times, Cooley Distillery being the exception as they also double distill.
He only recognised five species in Species Plantarum , L. multifida and L. dentata and L. stoechas and L. spica from Southern Europe.
Under these three other definitions one turn makes up for exactly 6000, 6300 or 6400 mils, which equals spanning the range from 0.05625 to 0.06 degrees .
There are three extant species.
A “perfectly inelastic” collision is a limiting case of inelastic collision in which the two bodies coalesce after impact.
The MIT library system consists of five subject libraries: Barker , Dewey , Hayden , Lewis , and Rotch .
Rasgueado: Strumming typically done by bunching all the right hand fingers and then flicking them out in quick succession to get four superimposed strums.
A tied agent, working exclusively with one insurer, represents the insurance company from whom the policyholder buys .
This second combination may be sold as one unit.
Pan paints are usually sold in two sizes, full pans and half pans.
They may attach one or two stabilizing hulls , have twin hulls like catamarans, inflate or fold.
Since 1927 the king cheetah has been reported five more times in the wild
The most widely used grading system is the International Scale of River Difficulty, where whitewater is classed in six categories from class I to class VI .
The four person detachable chairlift can transport 2400 people per hour with an average rope speed of 5 m/s .
Hama come in three sizes: mini , midi and maxi .
The horse drawing the solar disk runs on four wheels, and the Sun itself on two.
Coffins are traditionally made with six sides plus the top and bottom, tapered around the shoulders, or rectangular with four sides.
The sexual struggle is of two kinds
The lowest level, or association, is thus the most precisely defined, and incorporates the names of the dominant one to three species of a type.
As such all graves are dug to greater depth for the initial burial than the traditional six feet to facilitate this practice.
In these cases the Page–McIntyre final four system or the McIntyre final five system are used universally.
This band of significant radiation power can be divided into five regions in increasing order of wavelengths:Ultraviolet C or range, which spans a range of 100 to 280 nm.
A study of the delta wing in the Schlieren image reveals that the gas particles stick to one another .
Funeral customs tend to be characterized by five "anchors": significant symbols, gathered community, ritual action, cultural heritage, and transition of the dead body .
Primarily this production has been for limited local usage, with national commercial distribution and sales dominated by two brands: Mercury Cider and Strongbow.
Thomas the Rhymer" shows Thomas escaping with less difficulty, but he spends seven years in Elfland.
Males interact with their partners and cubs at times, and exceptionally this can extend beyond to two generations.
For methane combustion, for example, slightly more than two molecules of oxygen are required.
At least six localities claim to be the "Popcorn Capital of the World
Other downloadable items include PlayStation Store discounts and free PlayStation Network games, PS one Classics, PlayStation Minis, themes and avatars.
They are worn Algerian or zouave form the sash was four metres in length and forty centimetres in width.
There are two formats of large school buses, including Type C and Type D .
They have become a typical aspect of Portuguese culture, manifesting without interruption during five centuries, the consecutive trends in art.
There are six divisions from division 5 to division 1 besides various professional leagues.
In the most common variant , the values range from six pips down to none or blank.
Seneca addresses the question of mastering anger in three parts: 1.
A winner is declared in an Oxford-Style debate either by the majority or by which team has swayed more audience members between the two votes.
The powerful Indian emperor Harsha is credited with having written three plays: the comedy Ratnavali, Priyadarsika, and the Buddhist drama Nagananda.
Males fight among one another to secure access to the female
The number of courses grew to six and beyond.
These two major anatomical characteristics enable camels to conserve water and limit the volume of urine in extreme desert conditions.
Theodore Maiman characterized the first laser as having a power of one "Gillette" as it could burn through one Gillette razor blade.
Observing the Rubik's Cube's six colors help anchor solutions in the mind.
Some studios save color films through the use of separation masters: three B&W negatives each exposed through red, green, or blue filters .
Some models can accommodate two or sometimes three paddlers.
The International Handball Federation organised the men's world championship in 1938 and every four years from World War II to 1995.
The British built a series of destroyers which were about 1,400 tons standard displacement, had four 4.7-inch guns and eight torpedo tubes
Adhesive wear can be found between surfaces during frictional contact and generally refers to unwanted displacement and attachment of wear debris and material compounds from one surface to another.
Powered aircraft have one or more onboard sources of mechanical power, typically aircraft engines although rubber and manpower have also been used.
These had two Talos and two Tartar launchers plus ASROC and two 5-inch guns for self-defense, and were primarily built to get greater numbers of Talos launchers deployed.
The other six pots remained well watered and weren't exposed to mannitol.
The first three have been completed and lasted around 40 years
Ecuador staged bullfights to the death for over three centuries due to being a former Spanish colony.
The phylogeny and biogeography of the genus Tuber was investigated in 2008 using internal transcribed spacers of nuclear DNA and revealed five major clades
There are five main types of basic stitches .
A pseudobulb typically lives for about five years.
The exchange between the person snapping the ball and the quarterback was initially an awkward one because it involved a kick.
After seven years of working after graduation, two years of responsibility for significant engineering work, continuous professional development, some highly qualified PEs are able to become International Professional Engineers Int.
The patent encompassed 14 versions of the fundamental design, split into two categories of seven instruments each, and ranging from sopranino to contrabass.
In 1587, Tycho complained that his four clocks disagreed by plus or minus four seconds.
However, there is ongoing dispute between branches of Christianity over whether there are two ordained classes or three .
To anatomists, this makes sense as two intrinsic hand muscles are named for this specific movement .
Benjamin Bloom has suggested three domains of learning:Cognitive: To recall, calculate, discuss, analyze, problem solve, etc.
The first ironclads were frigates, in the sense of having one gun deck
This method was replaced by single species hill planting where each hill 60–120 cm apart was planted with three or four seeds, a method still used by home gardeners.
In a simple 6-from-49 lotto, a player chooses six numbers from 1 to 49 .
Urban AddressesThe postal code always consists of four digits.
The usual tuning is the all-fifths tuning C3 G3 D4 A4, in which exactly seven semitones occur between the open notes of consecutive strings.
After Shun's death, the tears of his two bereaved wives fell upon the bamboos growing there explains the origin of spotted bamboo.
After that season, both leagues abandoned the top six system.
Some animals develop only one set of teeth while others develop many sets .
While Raumschach uses five boards, extending the game's third dimension through five squares, other variants may use from one to seven extra boards.
Stage two is the passage of the offspring.
Mayors in France are elected every six years in local elections.
For example, ice cream, air raid shelter and get up each are generally considered to consist of more than one word .
For example, he painted two rail-mounted coastal guns, one in conventional style, one countershaded.
If two penumbras overlap, the shadows appear to attract and merge.
Should think, in a royal breeze, she would run six knots, while a clipper would sail one third faster.
Submarines could usually locate and attack other submarines only on the surface, although HMS Venturer managed to sink U-864 with a four torpedo spread while both were submerged.
Team cognition consists of two broad types of content.
Nearly all cacao produced over the past five decades is of the forastero or lower-grade trinitario varieties.
The three cleavers of a triangle all intersect each other at the triangle's Spieker center.
Sash unit is a window consisting of at least one sliding glass component, typically composed of two lites .
How to correctly label the consignmentIn Denmark, apartment buildings will usually have two or three apartments per floor.
They use a frame of three or more parallel pieces of timber .
When a receiver uses more than four satellites for a solution, Bancroft uses the generalized inverse to find a solution.
The Dom and the Rom therefore likely descend from two different migration waves out of India, separated by several centuries.
A barter payment requires a minimum of two parties .
The India Meteorological Department designates four climatological seasons:Winter, occurring from December to February.
The federal government regulates daycare through the Kinder- und Jugendhilfegesetz , which stipulates a legal claim to daycare:for children over the age of three and before school
In 1950, Alfred Kastler proposed the method of optical pumping, experimentally confirmed, two years later, by Brossel, Kastler, and Winter.
The Igbo have a "market week" of four days.
The seven liberal arts — the Trivium , and the Quadrivium — had been codified in late antiquity.
It came with a wide variety engines from the 318 cu in "LA" series small block V8 to three versions of 400 cu in big block V8.
Cycling hydration packs are six to ten litres sitting high on the back.
There are four main types of water entries slide- in entry, compact jump, stride jump, and run- and- swim entry.
Despitehigh expectations, Gaumont's sound innovations had only limited commercial success—though improvements, they still did not satisfactorily address the three basic issues with sound film and were expensive as well.
Sieve sizes used in combinations of four to eight sieves.
Denim is a sturdy cotton warp-faced textile in which the weft passes under two or more warp threads.
In the apse mosaic of Sant'Agata dei Goti Christ was seated on a globe with the twelve Apostles flanking him, six on either side.
There are four core categories of exercise: straight line, spiral, vault and cyr wheel.
The diagram categorizes causes, such as into the six main categories shown here.
Nest of saws: three or four interchangeable blades fitted to a handle with screws or quick-release nuts
Needs can be blocked two different ways
Known constructions using wood date back ten thousand years.
These closely resemble conventional lecterns, and indeed, one shtender may be used as a lectern by the Hazzan leading the service.
It subsequently expanded from 3 to 15 rooms and added from two more swimming pools.
The following list is that used within Australia to classify wetland by type:A—Marine and Coastal Zone wetlandsMarine waters—permanent shallow waters less than six metres deep at low tide
Before giving birth , the female excavates a den to house her litter of four to seven kits.
The trial was successful, releasing an intended investment of €100 million in a fleet of 52 cargo trams distributing from four peripheral "cross docks" to 15 inner-city hubs by 2012.
Because it was such so different, there was major controversy as to who created the five course guitar.
There are four main displays seen in a porcupine which are quill erection, teeth clattering, emitting of odour, and attack.
English anvils were often marked in hundredweight, the marking consisting of three numbers, indicating hundredweight, quarter hundredweight and pounds.
Loudon himself, designed three cemeteries – Bath Abbey Cemetery, Histon Road Cemetery, Cambridge, and Southampton Old Cemetery.
In between, four intermediate positions have been discerned to justify so-called fair outing:Hypocrites only, and only when they actively oppose gay rights and interests
In its second year as a Selchow and Righter-built product, nearly four million sets were sold.
The Ford nameplate has won eight manufacturer's championships in Sprint Cup while Mercury has won one.
However, modern instruments are louder—using four courses of metal strings, which exert more pressure than the gut strings.
An 1863 article in The Cornhill Magazine describes badminton as "battledore and shuttlecock played with sides, across a string suspended some five feet from the ground".
These are organized into four sets of seven successively larger teeth which the elephant will slowly wear through during its lifetime of chewing rough plant material.
The mascara developed by these two men consisted of petroleum jelly and coal in a set ratio.
The clutch then rotates one or more turns, stopping when the trip lever again engages the trip projection.
Further attempts at classification continued without agreement, with some authors adopting the classical three suborder system and others Tullborg's two suborders.
A goal after a touchdown counted as two points.
Countries assemble and send only one team to represent them.
In this case study of two epileptic seizure patients, participants reported feeling determined to overcome an approaching challenge
A pro set is first to 8 games by a margin of two games, instead of first to 6 games.
It has two lines of reflectional symmetry and rotational symmetry of order 2 .It exists in the vertex figure of a uniform star polyhedra, the tetrahemihexahedron.
However, in 1962–1964 three additional Baltimore and Oregon City-class cruisers were more extensively converted as the Albany class.
By 1826 Frédéric Charles Jean Gingins de la Sarraz listed 12 species in three sections, and by 1848 eighteen species were known.
Combining an "all-big-gun" armament of ten 12-inch guns with unprecedented speed and protection, she prompted navies worldwide to re-evaluate their battleship building programs.
Signals from at minimum three satellites are required, and their three spheres would typically intersect at two points.
At one end of the bed is a headstock.
English has all three forms: cha or char , attested from the 16th century
From 1912 the saddle was built on an adjustable tree and consequently only one size was needed.
A match with four scheduled innings is played over three to five days
Ferrets imprint on their food at around six months old.
Sometimes in such reservoirs, the new top water level exceeds the watershed height on one or more of the feeder streams such as at Llyn Clywedog in Mid Wales.
In Czech cuisine dumplings have two main forms:Knödel is called in Czech knedlík and in Slovakia knedľa.
Keyhole/compass saw: a narrow-bladed saw, sharply tapered thin to the back to cut round curves, with one end fixed in a handle
All satellites broadcast at the same two frequencies, 1.57542 GHz and 1.2276 GHz .
Each bout was fought for five hits and the foils were pointed with black to aid the judges.
The receiver then computes its three-dimensional position and clock deviation from the four TOFs.
In the Republic of Korea there are seven special and metropolitan cities at autonomous administrative levels.
In the Imperial units system, the imperial ton is equivalent to 20 hundredweight, a hundredweight being eight stone, and a stone weighing 14 pounds.
An important note to make from these lifestyle definitions are that four of the six involve working.
It was an overstruck Spanish eight real coin , the original of which was known as a Spanish dollar.
In 2004, the ITF implemented a new rankings scheme to encourage greater participation in doubles, by combining two rankings into one combined tally.
The central panel is geometric while the western one is seriously damaged but it has been suggested that it depicted Daniel in the lion's den.
This non-passenger, Lartigue type monorail achieved gradients of up to ten percent.
In 2012 the SSH piloted two new certifications to provide recognition to educators in an effort to meet this need.
Some jurisdictions require the referee to count to eight regardless of if the fighter gets up before.
By 1900 three metals with atomic numbers less than lead , the heaviest stable metal, remained to be discovered: elements 71, 72, 75.
On her only subsequent appearance she finished unplaced in the Irish 1000 Guineas at the Curragh three weeks later.
There are six primary arguments summarized as follows:It seems that there simply are no definitions—especially those based in sensory primitive concepts.
L: The loose areolar connective tissue layer provides an easy plane of separation between the upper three layers and the pericranium.
In Chicot and Phillips counties, Arkansas, Carl H. Moneyhon defines large planters as owners of twenty or more slaves, and six hundred or more acres.
The three constituent countries of the Danish Realm have a common nationality.
In World Series play, Reggie Jackson hit a record three in one Series game, the final game in 1977.
The leg stroke alternates, with one leg sinking down straight to about 30 degrees.
The fats in cocoa butter can crystallize in six different forms .
Strap curvature is shaped close to spine curvature and there are two flexible drawstrings to prevent backpack movement in transverse plane.
In a study by Shapira & colleagues , eight OCD subjects with contamination preoccupations and eight healthy volunteers viewed pictures from the International Affective Picture System during f-MRI scans.
Fencing is a group of three related combat sports.
Pepsiman took on three different outfits, each one representing the current style of the Pepsi can in distribution.
The most common book sizes are:Quarto : the sheet of paper is folded twice, forming four leaves approximately 11–13 inches tallOctavo : the most common size for current hardcover books.
The most popular stud variant today, seven-card stud, deals two extra cards to each player from which they must make the best possible 5-card hand.
They weigh 300–500 g at birth and begin to see after nine to 12 days.
For example, if one played blank to represent a Z, it would get ten
Although four satellites are required for normal operation, fewer apply in special cases.
Marvel nevertheless published the three issues without the Comics Code Authority's approval or seal.
With the two most common kebabs, barg and koobideh, two skewers are always served.
According to Zohar and the Alphabet of Ben Sira, there were four angels of sacred prostitution, who mated with archangel Samael.
In addition to these new methods, four main factors influence the degree of discomfort glare
The weight is not always distributed into the rim of metal discuses as there are four categories that the discs are sold in
It has three parts called the Ratnatraya "Three Jewels": right perception and faith, right knowledge and right conduct.
The three Graham brothers, Robert, Joseph and Ray, assumed management positions in Dodge Brothers before departing early in 1927.
In Siddha, Tamil traditional medicine from south India, massage is termed as "Thokkanam" and is classified in to nine types, each for specific variety of disease.
In epicyclic gearing one or more of the gear axes moves.
The possibly related American expression "my two cents" uses the low-value denomination to depreciate the speaker's thoughts for the sake of humility or irony.
It involves four balls teamed in pairs, with both balls going through every hoop for one pair to win.
Its larger playfield and ten pockets made it more challenging than Baffle Ball, selling 50,000 units in 7 months.
Including two for the coil, such a relay has a total of five terminals.
As of July 2019, the IFNA has 53 full and 19 associate national members in five regions.
The five articles of the Sikh faith are Kesh , Kachehra , Kangha , Karha , and Kirpan .
Including two for the coil, such a relay has a total of six terminals.
Equipment needed includes at least 2 swords, a lamé , a white jacket, underarm protector, two body and mask cords, knee high socks, glove and knickers.
The need for strict timekeeping led the companies to settle on one standard, and civil authorities eventually abandoned local mean solar time in favor of that standard.
Cylinder head, pothead, and weatherhead are three such examples.
The bow and stroke positions have a set of sculling riggers and two and three have a sweep set.
In 1586, Joachim Camerarius provided descriptions of the three basic modern lettuces – head lettuce, loose-leaf lettuce, and romaine lettuce.
Hydronium ions are acids according to all three definitions.
In Australian rules football, there is no crossbar but four uprights instead.
The Sheriff has two main roles.
The three types of mail carriers are also hired quite differently.
All four scripts were inscribed in the UNESCO Memory of the World Programme, under the name Philippine Paleographs , in 1999.
Mofuku kimono are plain black silk with five kamon, worn with white undergarments and white tabi.
On the upper wall Moses is shown in two panels on a landscape background.
The flowers are produced singly or up to five together in a cyme
In modern times, the boats still do have a role in public transport in the city, serving as traghetti over the Grand Canal operated by two oarsmen.
George Aaron Barton speculated that the seven-day creation account of Genesis is connected to the Babylonian creation epic, Enûma Eliš, which is recorded on seven tablets.
We'wha had at least one husband who was generally recognized as such.
The celebrations of Carnival peak for three days and nights and precede Ash Wednesday, when the legendary King Momo takes over the state.
For air defense, each Udaloy is armed with four AK-630 CIWSs, mounted parallel to each other mid ship.
It hosts three other roads and the service entrance to a large shopping plaza.
Developmental studies have shown that compound leaves, like shoots, may branch in three dimensions.
The muscle is crossed by three fibrous bands called the tendinous intersections.
The Ptilinopus are some of the brightest coloured pigeons, with the three endemic species of Fiji and the Indian Ocean Alectroenas being the brightest.
In 1928, four Supermarine Southampton flying boats of the RAF Far East flight arrived in Melbourne, Australia.
Forklifts can lift a stringer pallet from all four directions, though lifting by the stringers is more secure.
Short-chain fatty acids are fatty acids with aliphatic tails of fewer than six carbons .
Restorative Dentistry – This is based on three monospecialities.
Pre-verbal hearing infants use pointing extensively, and use a combination of one word plus one gesture before they can produce a two-word sentence.
Although the transport force had fighter cover from the carrier Jun'yō, six transports were sunk and one heavily damaged.
High-quality chocolate is conched for about 72 hours, and lesser grades about four to six hours.
In Das Rheingold Wagner scored for nine little, six mid-sized, and three large anvils, but orchestras seldom can afford instrumentation on such a scale.
This included a staircase of 8 locks at Béziers, a 157 metres tunnel, and three major aqueducts.
These two fins can be separate or joined.
On 1 January 2007 the counties were replaced by five Regions.
The solution space can be seen as a four-dimensional geometric space, and signals from at minimum four satellites are needed.
Bolo rounds are made of two or more slugs molded onto steel wire.
London has 38 Sites of Special Scientific Interest , two national nature reserves and 76 local nature reserves.
The three categories extracted from the Committee's Operational Guidelines, are as follows:"A landscape designed and created intentionally by man"
Epistemologically, Yoga school accepts three means to reliable knowledge, while Advaita Vedanta accepts six ways.
Chandogya Upanishad describes the five kinds of vital energies .
For target acquisition beyond the radar horizon, three helicopters can be used.
A floorball game is controlled by two referees with equal power.
About five months later, Skateboarder magazine featured both Tom Stewart and Rampage.
The flowers are solitary or in small corymbs, each flower 2–4 cm diameter, with five white petals and numerous stamens
Widely used systems include:Card counting – Many systems exist for Blackjack to keep track of the ratio of ten values to all others
HR: Heavy Rigid: a rigid vehicle with three or more axles and a GVM of more than 8 t .
As with an SPST-NO relay, such a relay has four terminals in total.
Eliminator Round Begins with eight drivers, each with 4,000 points.
The head, mesosoma, and metasoma are the three distinct body segments .
These two periodic resonances beat with each other.
Urban trails average ten foot in width and are surfaced with asphalt or concrete.
The Frances Street Squats in Vancouver were a row of six buildings squatted for nine months in 1990.
It is also acceptable in informal stroke play to surrender the hole after hitting three strokes more than the "par" rating of the hole
Over 180 extinct members and three major evolutionary radiations of the order Proboscidea have been recorded.
Pliny the Elder listed seven varieties, including Pompeii cabbage, Cumae cabbage and Sabellian cabbage.
Mir Ali Tabrizi had found the optimum composition of the letters and graphical rules so it has just been fine-tuned during the past seven centuries.
It features playful, four young girls where tall white girl is leaning with her arm on a shorter black girl's head.
The second floor of the Llotja de la Seda is covered by a series of nine meter wide sail vaults.
India uses a system based on the Navagraha, which incorporates the seven traditional planets and the ascending and descending lunar nodes Rahu and Ketu.
Whilst these five major groups are often reported in studies of land mammals, several other groups have been reported more occasionally .
There are nine such notes in first position, where a stopped note sounds a unison or octave with another string, causing it to resonate sympathetically.
In some homes there were upwards of three kitchens.
The Gergonne triangle or intouch triangle of a reference triangle has its vertices at the three points of tangency of the reference triangle's sides with its incircle.
In 1866, Sir Thomas Clifford Allbutt invented a clinical thermometer that produced a body temperature reading in five minutes as opposed to twenty.
Each of the six speakers speak in succession to each other beginning with the Affirmative Team.
A new seven part anime series called Pokémon: Twilight Wings began airing on YouTube in 2020.
In the center is the Fontana dei Quattro Fiumi, , a highly theatrical fountain by Bernini, with statues representing rivers from the four continents
The most basic domino variant is for two players and requires a double-six set.
These four plants also represent the four seasons and, in Confucian ideology, four aspects of the junzi .
There are typically four to six Malpighian tubules.
It has no gourd resonators or buzzing tone, two characteristics of many other African xylophones.
In the initial position each player occupies two of the small movable boards with four squares used for attacking.
There are three thenar muscles:The abductor pollicis brevis originates on the scaphoid tubercle and the flexor retinaculum.
On the other hand, variation distance may be too forgiving a measure and seven riffle shuffles may be many too few.
Originally aired over CFCA, Hewitt's broadcast was picked up by the Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission in 1933, moving to CBC Radio three years later.
As of 2020, Derby is represented by three MPs.
He classified five classes of vines – twining plants, leaf climbers, tendril bearers, root climbers and hook climbers.
The licence that funds the seven advertising-free BBC TV channels costs £147 a year as of 2018 regardless of the number of TV sets owned
The Fast5 Series is a competition among the top six national netball teams, as ranked by the INF World Rankings.
Dogs of collie type or derivation occupy four of the first sixteen ranks in Stanley Coren's The Intelligence of Dogs, with the Border Collie being first.
This will alternate with slatted ash-wood racks until there is a pile of ten or twelve layers.
Segments two to eight are ring-shaped and joined by flexible membranes.
A clutch will usually consist of two to five round white eggs.
An example of a nondirectional microphone is the round black eight ball.
The earliest forms of wnwt include one or three stars, with the later solar hours including the determinative hieroglyph for "sun".
Below this was a frieze adorned with the eight Greek wind deities.
By taking bearings on two beacons they can determine their position.
These machines also introduced selectable "pitch" so that the typewriter could be switched between pica type and elite type , even within one document.
The playing field is 300 by 160 yards , the area of approximately six soccer fields or 9 American football fields .,
Examples include:backspace – a keystroke that moved the cursor backwards one position , for the purpose of overtyping a character.
One defensive installation found in Italy included seven of the weapons, carefully concealed and wired to a central control point.
When one is exposed to any artificial source of occupational UV, special protective clothing should be worn.
There are also electronic digital circuits called synchronizers that attempt to perform arbitration in one clock cycle.
This is achieved using exotic high-index glass and up to eight optical elements in four or five groups
Thermal, or Diocletian, windows are large semicircular windows which are usually divided into three lights by two mullions.
After four months, babies are often transferred to a crib or cot .
It also encompass all three forms, demanding a high level of musical and dramatic skill, collaboration and like the masque, production expertise as well.
The Home CARE US National Water Ski Challenge, the first competition for people with disabilities, was organized ten years later.
Gypsum board evolved between 1910 and 1930 beginning with wrapped board edges and elimination of the two inner layers of felt paper in favor of paper-based facings.
This allows an aircraft to determine its location "fix" from only one VOR beacon.
Later, maize spread from this region over the Americas along two major paths.
It is so named because each sporangium produces just four spores.
The points come in two common lengths, 32 and 41 mm and are sometimes knurled or coated to improve players' grip.
The final four days of Carnival follow a rigid schedule, and no work is done:Sunday − The Grand Parade, in which the groups compete.
A dashed near-semicircular line nine metres from the goal marks the free-throw line.
Mysticetes consist of four families: rorquals , cetotheriids, right whales , and grey whales .
The subgenus is also named haploxylon, on account of its one fibrovascular bundle.
The most common nine dart finish consists of two 180 maximums followed by a 141 checkout , but there are many other possible ways of achieving the feat.
The wicket consists of three wooden stumps that are 28 inches tall.
Water infiltration and movement in soil is controlled by six factors:Soil textureSoil structure.
The ICAEW, ICAS, ICAI, ACCA, AIA and CIPFA are six recognised qualifying bodies statutory in the UK.
Each individual plough or shank is typically set from nine inches to twelve inches apart.
An extension is the three dimensional k-ary Hamming graph, which for k = 2 is the cube graph.
The traditional charcoal of Japan is classified into two types:White charcoal is very hard and produces a metallic sound when struck.
Combined curb and gutter has a concrete curb and gutter cast together in one piece. "
By 1856 the French Garde Republicaine band included eight saxophones, making it the large ensemble that featured the instrument most prominently.
There are two dead-lines, 12 feet apart.
Only wall clouds that rotate spawn tornadoes, and they usually precede the tornado between five and thirty minutes.
These ancient machines came in three major designs.
The Septuagint organizes the minor prophets as twelve parts of one Book of Twelve.
Each player draws seven tiles from the stock.
Argasid ticks have up to seven nymphal stages , each one requiring a blood meal.
Robinson Jeffers, Marianne Moore, and William Carlos Williams are three notable poets who reject the idea that regular accentual meter is critical to English poetry.
For either countertop or range-top two versions the primary heating methods for the plates are through either direct gas-fired flame , or via high-powered electrical elements.
The pedal harp contains seven pedals that each affect the tuning of all strings of one pitch-class.
At one point on the demand curve PED is unitary elastic: PED equals one.
Tesserae were smaller dice with sides numbered from one to six.
There are three Olympic sledding competitions.
The ballets were performed in large chambers with viewers on three sides.
For six years, scientists studied six pandas tagged with GPS collars at the Foping Reserve in the Qinling Mountains.
These mandolins can have four or five individual or double courses of strings.
WKF only allows membership through one national organization/federation per country to which clubs may join.
Carriage driving, using somewhat larger two or four wheeled carriages, often restored antiques, judged on the turnout/neatness or suitability of horse and carriage.
In Aztec mythology, a pantheon of four hundred rabbit gods known as Centzon Totochtin, led by Ometotchtli or Two Rabbit, represented fertility, parties, and drunkenness.
In 1981 two female cheetahs at the De Wildt Cheetah and Wildlife Centre gave birth to one king cheetah each
In São Nicolau, three groups, Copa Cabana, Estrela Azul, and Brilho Da Zona, construct a painted float using fire, newspaper for the mold, and iron and steel for structure.
Vessels then tie mooring lines to two or four piles to fix their position between those piles.
Race-car tires—Race car tires come in three main categories, DOT , slick, and rain.
The tas-de-charge, or solid springer, had two advantages: it enabled the stone courses to run straight through the wall, so as to bond the whole together much better
During fertilization in Hippocampus kuda the brood pouch was found to be open for only six seconds while egg deposition occurred.
An electronic starter system ensures that all four engines ignite simultaneously.
The value to the military is that one angular mil subtends approximately one metre at a distance of one kilometer.
Furthermore, according to Yeates , 'suggestions' have four temporal dimensions: pre-hypnotic suggestions, delivered prior to the formal induction
A goal shall be equal to four touchdowns
This brief life means culms are ready for harvest and suitable for use in construction within about three to seven years.
One cock should be kept for five hens.
Henry II of France opted for six sizes of cannon, but others settled for more
The smaller Roborovski hamster often lives to three years in captivity.
There are three subtypes of pinnate venation: Craspedodromous The major veins reach to the margin of the leaf.
Mexico requires rum be aged a minimum of eight months
The most classic style of trouser is to have two pleats, usually forward, since this gives more comfort sitting and better hang standing.
The floor is typically four inches thick and it rests on top of the foundation footings.
After about three months in the nursery, mussel seed is "socked" and hung on longlines or rafts for grow-out.
Pressure detection uses the organ of Weber, a system consisting of three appendages of vertebrae transferring changes in shape of the gas bladder to the middle ear.
For example, the ITU V.21 standard used audio frequency-shift keying with two possible frequencies, corresponding to two distinct symbols , to carry 300 bits per second using 300 baud.
In ancient China, most architecture was wooden, including the few known arch bridges from literature and one artistic depiction in stone-carved relief.
Developed in Coláiste Iognáid over the last ten years, the format has five speakers: two teams and a single 'sweep speaker' on each side.
In France, motel-style chain accommodations of up to three stories are marketed as "one-star hotels".
As contestants in the City Dionysia's competition playwrights were required to present a tetralogy of plays , which usually consisted of three tragedies and one satyr play.
Eighteen astronauts have lost their lives during four space flights.
Most modern multichannel mixes contain one LFE, some use two.
Stave-core – Consists of wooden slats stacked upon one another in a manner similar to a board & batten door or the wooden-block hollow-core .
While the live performers recorded the master phonograph, up to ten tubes led to blank cylinders in other phonographs.
The modern American or US bushel is a variant of this, rounded to exactly 2150.42 cubic inches, less than one part per ten million less.
Larger free-ride boards are capable of planing at wind speeds as low as 12 kn if rigged with an adequate, well-tuned sail in the six to eight square meter range.
Their scolex shows four tentacles which are covered by spines.
The Char-bagan is made up of four pieces in different colours neatly joined together
Trajan's Market at Trajan's forum, built around 100-110CE, was a vast expanse, comprising multiple buildings with tabernae that served as retail shops, situated on four levels.
Tiles are generally named after their two values.
Judicial combat took two forms in medieval society, the feat of arms and chivalric combat.
Until the arrival of governor Woodes Rogers three years later, Nassau would be home for these pirates and their many recruits.
Between 1862 and 1874 was published the six volumes of A magyar nyelv szótára by Gergely Czuczor and János Fogarasi.
The cladogram is based on molecular phylogeny of six genes in Flynn, 2005.
From 1980 to 2001, all eight bus manufacturers would undergo periods of struggle and ownership changes.
Very similar to these, and sometimes included therein, are the four or so species of hierofalcons .
Only three ingredients are used in a proper Adana kebab, minced lamb, red capsicum and salt.
Between these sizes and standard lies the A-scale banjo, which is two frets shorter and usually tuned one full step above standard tunings.
APS uses a third rail placed between the running rails, divided electrically into eight-metre powered segments with three metre neutral sections between.
The six orbit planes have approximately 55° inclination and are separated by 60° right ascension of the ascending node .
Bells played the role of today's amber or yellow lights, ringing when the flags changed—a process that took five seconds.
Sequestration of their property and deportation from France followed on the murder of a republican, four to every such murder, with heavy fines on the whole body of hostages.
Most fastpitch games use a crew of two umpires .
Kazuo Ogura and Tenshin Okakura are two outspoken Japanese figures on the subject.
The client-lawyer relationship is explained in six steps.
Stuart J. Kaufman, Richard Little and William Wohlforth researched the next three millennia, comparing eight civilizations.
It could only be asserted as one meter as part of a language game.
In 1998, an Ermenegildo Zegna Protected Wool Trophy was launched for fleece from sheep coated for around nine months of the year.
Jean Buridan reported in the 14th century that teams of ten horses could not pull open bellows when the port was sealed.
The basic slow step forwards or backwards, lasting for one beat, is called a "slow", so that a full "right–left" step is equal to one 24 measure .
Septentrionalis is from septentriones, "the seven plow oxen", a name of Ursa Maior.
Pinnacle: An iceberg with one or more spires.
Coops should consist of three rooms and possess a hearth.
Above the maegashira are the three champion or titleholder ranks, called the san'yaku, which are not numbered.
The shape of Latin S arises from Greek Σ by dropping one out of the four strokes of that letter.
The role of architect was usually one with that of master mason, or Magister lathomorum as they are sometimes described in contemporary documents.
Guayabera – an embroidered dress shirt with four pockets.
A hybrid of glove and mitten contains open-ended sheaths for the four fingers and an additional compartment encapsulating the four fingers.
Typically, three men stand in the corner besides the boxer himself
A♭4 in particular, which is at the seventh partial is nearly always 31 cents, or about one third of a semitone, flat of the minor seventh.
The gardens featured a fountain of two sea monsters spouting water, among the earliest fountains in Russia.
Early trumpets did not provide means to change the length of tubing, whereas modern instruments generally have three valves in order to change their pitch.
This telling is composed, as for stories, of three serially ordered and adjacently placed types of sequences … the preface , the telling, and the response sequences."
At the conclusion of the wedding meal, Birkat Hamazon is recited, as well as the seven wedding blessings.
This system reduces all physical measurements to a mathematical combination of seven base units.
The CD+G format takes advantage of the channels R through W. These six bits store the graphics information.
The World Beard and Moustache Championships 2007 had six sub-categories for moustaches:Dalí – narrow, long points bent or curved steeply upward
Campbell brings two major types of cults to attention.
Although most pet life jackets are passive devices, there is at least one automatically inflated life jacket available for pets .
The portable procedural model, proposed by political philosopher Andy Lamey, emphasizes the right to non-refoulement by guaranteeing refugees three procedural rights and ensuring those rights in the constitution.
While Nintendo denied claims that three million straps had been recalled, it replaced broken wrist straps free of charge.
A mechanical adder might represent two addends as the positions of sliding blocks, in which case they can be added with an averaging lever.
Pinus, the yellow, or hard pine group, generally with harder wood and two or three needles per fascicle.
Ma – a unit of time equal to one million, or 106, years, or 1 E6 yr.
The particular sequence of the four different types of nucleotides dictate many characteristics that constitute the organism.
The five riflemen of the “Charlie” team, now led by the squad leader, remained as the maneuver element.
Some suburbs may be served by loop lines connecting two adjacent radial roads.
Meyerbeer made use of the instrument in the scene of the resurrection of the three nuns in Robert le diable.
The RAS has two tracts, the ascending and descending tract.
These were cast in bronze into two parts, the chase and the breech, which combined weighed 18.4 tonnes.
Crime scene photos are taken from three vantage point.
The special popularity of the bridge was gained through angular sculptures of four winged lions crowning the abutments.
The three steps for this method after finding the voids are locating and drilling holes, grout injection and post-testing the stabilized slabs.
Aircraft design began specializing, primarily into two types: bombers, which carried explosive payloads to bomb land targets or ships
Clutches and drums can be in two positions: either turned outside or inside .
MIT also places among the top five in many overall rankings of universities and rankings based on students' revealed preferences.
A narrower circumscription restricts insects to those hexapods with external mouthparts, and comprises only the last three groups in the table.
Styling features included four rectangular headlights behind retractable clear covers, with narrow opera windows, and an optional T-bar or power sunroof.
Folding ladder, a ladder in the step ladder style with one or more one-way hinges.
The wave interaction model assumes that two edges of waves interact, create differing wave heights, and cause longshore transport of nearshore currents.
Genetic ancestry of 105 captive tigers from fourteen countries and regions showed that forty-nine animals belonged distinctly to five subspecies
God's sovereignty involves two aspects.
The synagogue in Khirbet Susiya has three mosaic panels, the eastern one depicting a Torah shrine, two menorahs, a lulav and an etrog with columns, deer and rams.
In some university cities, polyclinics contain outpatient departments for the entire teaching hospital in one building.
Bottles made of opaque PET are also becoming commonplace for smaller, particularly metric, sizes such as one liter.
Ken Alder wrote factually about the expedition in The Measure of All Things: the seven year odyssey and hidden error that transformed the world.
The seven points represent the seven deadly sins.
Team Racing – Two teams each of normally three boats compete against each other.
Gradually, the two functions merged into the same building, and the highest residential storeys had large windows
They appear red without blisters and pain typically lasts around three days.
Weak: Weak cementation allows peds to fall apart into the three textural constituents, sand, silt and clay.
Large cities could be divided and administered by two or three counties.
Congas are staved like barrels and classified into three types: quinto , tres dos or tres golpes , and tumba or salidor .
All copper stills will require repairs about every eight years due to the precipitation of copper-sulfur compounds.
The value of the ace will become one to prevent the hand from exceeding 21.
Soon after, the University of Minnesota organized a "yell leader" squad of six male students, who still use Campbell's original cheer today.
It has three degrees.
Double-reed instruments use two precisely cut, small pieces of cane bound together at the base.
If there are more than two competitors per fixture, points may be ordinal .
Generally, the chocolate is first heated to 45 °C to melt all six forms of crystals.
All wheels have four spokes.
A number of Philippine-imported karaoke units with two cassette drives were used in private households.
There are three main statistics which may be used to compare the safety of various forms of travel :Wikivoyage – a travel wikiTravel at Curlie
Those regions are islands or remote regions, for instance four overseas French regions and Corsica.
This is subdivided by four thick septa into a central stomach and four gastric pockets.
Each team generally consists of three players and a bright coloured light plastic ball is preferred.
AD 1878: Dutch massage practitioner Johan Georg Mezger applies French terms to name five basic massage techniques, and coins the phrase "Swedish massage system".
The next four trees illustrate the distinction mentioned above between matrix wh-clauses and embedded wh-clausesThe embedded wh-clause is an object argument each time.
Terrier was initially deployed on two converted Baltimore-class cruisers , with conversions completed in 1955–56.
Tuna is typically gutted by hand, and later precooked for prescribed times of 45 minutes to three hours.
The earliest discovered may be four small dwellings made of Mammoth tusks and bones.
On the humerus there are extrasynovial fat pads adjacent to the three articular fossae.
It usually has a bent sound table, canted in two planes with the design to take the tension of the eight metal strings arranged in four courses.
One such structure is a moveable roof supported by four posts, historically called a Dutch roof, hay barrack, or hay cap.
There are three bare earth DEM layers in 3DEP which are nationally seamless at the resolution of 1/3, 1, and 2 arcseconds.
Prepared shellac is typically available in "clear" and "amber" varieties, generally as "three-pound cut" or three pounds dry shellac to one US gallon of alcohol.
Walt Disney wanted it to have four courses of all jumpers.
Bilbo and three of the four principal hobbit characters in The Lord of the Rings had Fallohide blood through their common ancestor, the Old Took.
Trajan's Market at Trajan's forum, built around 100-110CE, was a vast expanse, comprising multiple buildings with shops on four levels.
Except amongst Filipino Muslims , a wake is generally held from three days to a week.
Finally, the two cut halves are stuck into the butter cream to resemble butterfly wings.
A railroad fusee was timed to burn for ten minutes and quantities were dropped behind a train to ensure a safe spacing.
There are three forms of SSDRs: flight, fight , or freeze.
And there is general illumination lighting that comprises two or more higher-power light strings connected and controlled in parallel for providing broad illumination to the playfield and backbox artwork.
Section is the smallest component in Indian army consisting of ten men headed by Havildar.
On some drums with two heads, a hole or bass reflex port may be cut or installed onto one head, as with some 2010s era bass drums in rock music.
This creates a horizontal plane of weakness called a cold joint between the two batches.
In music, Pedro de Escobar and Duarte Lobo produced four songbooks, including the Cancioneiro de Elvas.
The mix of these two hues determines the visible unitary colour.
Sensation to the skin of the toes is provided by five nerves.
The first successful attempts at walking robots tended to have six legs.
The Australian pelican has two reproductive strategies depending on the local degree of environmental predictability.
The top or altissimo register consists of the notes above the written C two octaves above middle C .All three registers have characteristically different sounds.
In the UK the term is doll's house .Today's dollhouses trace their history back about four hundred years to the baby house display cases of Europe, which showed idealized interiors.
It represents all seven Olympic winter sport federations, several summer sport organizations and manages media rights for the FIS World Cup Events.
During the 1940s, strips were reduced to four columns wide .
Shadows are cast through fog in three dimensions.
Italian regulations recognise three categories of commercially manufactured dried pasta as well as manufactured fresh and stabilized pasta:Pasta, or dried pasta with three subcategories – Durum wheat semolina pasta ,
Timber ranges from small logs two or three inches across to larger logs that can burn for hours.
All defending players must keep a distance of three metres .
The California-based National Institute for Play describes seven play patterns:Attunement play, which establishes a connection, such as between newborn and mother.
The modern system has seven chromatic slide positions on a tenor trombone in B♭.
The game is played in usually seven innings.
Williams converted to Catholicism in 1957, and proceeded to compose three masses in the jazz idiom.
During the Renaissance, artists generally used four different browns
The three established families of the suborder Saccopharyngoidei all exhibit sexual dimorphism.
A drawloom requires two operators, the weaver and an assistant called a "drawboy" to manage the figure harness.
All three qualifications are recognised professionally within the United Kingdom and enable the holder to work as a Professional Pool Lifeguard satisfying all Health and Safety Executive regulations.
A successful acclimatization occurred in Belarus, where three introductions took place.
During competition season, it often becomes seven days with practice twice a day sometimes.
Archosaurs and mammals show complete separation of the heart into two pumps for a total of four heart chambers
Of the 24 orders of insects, four dominate in terms of numbers of described species
Based on those compounds known to be sweet at the time, they proposed a list of six candidate glucophores and nine auxoglucs.
It was significant that these two were not lost to Long Lance hits as happened in previous battles
Today's bedsets are covered with up to six different fabrics: A better quality circular knit or woven damask on the top panel—the bed's sleeping surface
One corporate firm took three weeks to fix a stuck door.
The latter one still exists in Russia, although other types of academies appeared as well.
Foremost is that only three satellites are needed to compute a position solution.
After several test rides, it hauled trains for almost three decades from 1925 to 1954.
In 1861, another party saw seven free-roaming horses near the Stillwater Range.
Walnut meats are available in two forms
Pups first leave the den after three weeks.
The four main whorls are as follows:Collectively the calyx and corolla form the perianth .
The cue length is six feet, three inches or less, with hard plastic feet on the end .
A compressibility factor of one also requires the four state variables to follow the ideal gas law.
While many manufacturers produced three window coupés, the 1932 to 1936 Ford is a particular favorite of hot rodders.
Level three tournaments consist of Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix event.
There are also two main positions of a hula dance: either sitting or standing .
In 1920 the enlisted rank structure was simplified and seven grades were established ranging from master sergeant as grade 1 to private as grade 7
It had six courses , lute-like tuning in fourths and a guitar-like body, although early representations reveal an instrument with a sharply cut waist.
Trumpets from the Oxus civilization of Central Asia have decorated swellings in the middle, yet are made out of one sheet of metal, which is considered a technical wonder.
In vipaka vichāya, one reflects on the eight causes or basic types of karma.
The first three holes play a major chord on blow and draw, with and without the slide.
Based on Bharata Natya Shastra Sarana Chatushtai, Avinash Balkrishna Patwardhan in 1998 developed a methodology to produce perfectly tuned flutes for the ten 'thatas' currently present in Indian Classical Music.
This formula suggests two things.
Diagram 3 shows that now three rope parts support the load W which means the tension in the rope is W/3.
They spend four to five hours grazing and can consume 68 kg of grass each night.
In this case the first six courses outline a d-minor triad, and an additional five to seven courses are tuned generally scalewise below them.
The Carnival of Aalst, celebrated during the three days preceding Ash Wednesday, received the same recognition in 2010.The Carnival of Malmedy is locally called Cwarmê.
The eight 27″ low-frequency drivers were designed by Rudy Bozak in his role as chief engineer for Cinaudagraph.
In the visual arts, narcissi are depicted in three different contexts, mythological , floral art, or landscapes.
Flowers are borne in racemes or umbels at the tip of the stem, with six tepals spreading or reflexed, to give flowers varying from funnel shape to a "Turk's cap".
When having passengers disembark on the ramp or apron, airlines can fit two or more regional jets per gate.
Traditional kayaks encompass three types: Baidarkas, from the Bering sea & Aleutian islands, the oldest design, whose rounded shape and numerous chines give them an almost Blimp-like appearance
It was initially produced from one successful embryo out of 34,000 crosses between the two species
Those who can tolerate partial weight bearing on both legs usually use the four point gait.
Photographic restoration of three of the chariots on the Standard of Ur.
The other competition is a knock-out tournament for eight breaker crews.
This was one reason for the demise of the GWR steam railmotors.
The sum of the measures of the three exterior angles of any triangle is 360 degrees.
Mechanical billboards display three different messages, with three advertisements attached to a conveyor inside the billboard.
Itosu adapted two forms he had learned from Matsumura.
In CC tubas with five valves, the fifth valve may be tuned as a flat whole step or as a minor third depending on the instrument.
The UK model has three levels of ambulance staff.
As one fierce critic, British historian John Gray , concludes:Faith in the liberating power of knowledge is encrypted into modern life.
Marine rifle or weapons platoons would also have from one to four navy hospital corpsmen assigned along with the Marines.
Due to these negative impacts, but also for reasons of farming efficiency , one projection mentions a large decline of livestock at least some animals in certain countries by 2030.
German builders extended the sound repertoire of the instrument by adding sixteen foot and two foot choirs
After three years of development, Augustine demonstrated a nylon first string whose quality impressed guitarists, including Segovia, in addition to DuPont.
The Thunnini tribe also includes seven additional species of tuna across four genera.
Bucharest has a general mayor and six sector mayors , one for each sector.
These derived from the nominal ellipsis form of mīlle passus or mīlia passuum , the Roman mile of one thousand paces.
In Paphiopedilum , the lower two sepals are fused into a synsepal, while the lip has taken the form of a slipper.
There are today, three manufacturers in France.
The only extensor muscles in spider legs are located in the three hip joints .
Crudités from France are a blend of salads of raw vegetables and the serving has a minimum of three vegetables of striking colors.
In Indian army, Platoon consists of three sections.
The perianth is reduced to two scales, called lodicules, that expand and contract to spread the lemma and palea
This aspect is essentially one with God.
Division forms two polyps that each become as large as the original.
The refrigeration cycle uses four essential elements to cool.
It uses a load-bearing single rail and two lower, external rails for balance, the three carried on triangular supports.
The high walk is an up on four limbs forward motion used for overland travel with the belly well up from the ground.
A set of eight arms and two distinctive tentacles surround the mouth
There are two menisci in the knee, the medial and the lateral .
A peace must be seen at least in two forms:A simple silence of arms, absence of war.
The Cornwall Wildlife Trust records about one such death a year.
Squall – Sudden onset of wind increase of at least 16 knots or greater sustained for at least one minute.
RegionsSince 2016 France is mainly divided into 18 administrative regions: 13 regions in metropolitan France , and five located overseas.
In all four systems, however, goats were typically kept in extensive systems, with few purchased inputs.
Kim Dam Ryeong, who was a mayor of the town, saved four captured mermaids from a fisherman, as recorded in the Eou yadam .
The Polara and Monaco were changed mostly in appearance for the next ten years or so.
In cold climates, frost heaves can crack asphalt even in one winter.
The slider runs on two coils on each side
After the start a gliding phase follows under water, followed by one underwater pulldown and dolphin kick, then one whip kick as the hands are recovered back to a streamline.
The theory identifies four leader behaviors, achievement-oriented, directive, participative, and supportive, that are contingent to the environment factors and follower characteristics.
Today India has nine racetracks operated by seven racing authorities.
In 2013 season the festival streamed all six of its productions online.
Gymnocarpae – one species in western North America , others in east Asia.
In the common moose this branch usually expands into a broad palmation, with one large tine at the base and a number of smaller snags on the free border.
Portraits of Baba Budan depict him as having smuggled seven coffee seeds by strapping them to his chest.
The cattle introduced by the Spanish persist today in two rare breeds: Florida Cracker cattle and Pineywoods cattle.
Segments nine to eleven are reduced in size
There are four known fundamental interactions in nature: The electromagnetic, strong, weak and gravitational interactions.
In response to perceived risks many interventions may be proposed with engineering responses and regulation being two of the most common.
If this retest is not completed or is failed three years consecutively the LA certification lapses.
The decimal representation for one thousand is1000—a one followed by three zeros, in the general notation
The god Shiva has five faces and his Mantra is also called Panchakshari mantra.
A cash payment requires a minimum of three parties .
The Kalgan River in Western Australia has had two main riverboats, the Silver Star, 1918 to 1935, would lower her funnel to get under the low bridge.
Gynoecium: The style is short or absent and each stigma has three distinct lobes, and the ovaries are superior, with three chambers.
The five lotteries offer draw games, scratch cards, and sports betting—the latter primarily under the brand Sport Select.
Olympic carried at least two collapsible boats on either side of her number one funnel.
She takes very small steps and wears traditional wooden shoes called okobo which stand nearly ten centimeters high.
In 2007 Oaklands Sports College and Lowfield Comprehensive School merged to become one school known as York High School.
An all-wood foundation usually has seven or eight support slats disposed below paperboard or beaverboard.
They collect at the bottom as two immiscible liquid layers , that are then easily separated.
The file leftmost to the white player is file one and the rightmost to them is file eight.
Altar servers light additional candles, with a procession which moves three times around the church to represent the three days in the tomb.
Reeds come in varying degrees of hardness, generally indicated on a scale from one through five .
According to author Frank Vizard, the Fastskin suits reduce drag by up to four percent.
Raul Rekow of Santana often plays five conga drums and tunes them to the opening phrase of a Latin tune.
As each hybrid is the product of two parent species, they are listed multiple times.
Our analysis suggests these accounts and Pages were affiliated with one another and likely operated out of Russia."
These procedures have included multiple nose jobs, six pack ab implants, a buttock lift, and hair and chest implants.
The watch features raised marks at each hour and two moving, magnetically attached ball bearings.
Still later, mammals entered India from Asia through two zoogeographical passes flanking the Himalayas.
The Indus Valley civilization has sculptures that show dance and old musical instruments, like the seven holed flute.
This self-invited poverty is different from the one caused by economic imbalance.
In three separate actions, they sank five Allied cruisers with torpedoes and gunfire, against one Japanese cruiser damaged.
The six tepals sometimes differ in colour from the corona and may be cream coloured to pale yellow.
Blowers in electric furnaces move air over one to five resistance coils or elements which are usually rated at five kilowatts.
The last four measures of Scott Joplin's "Maple Leaf Rag" are shown below.
Nerds are eager explorers, who enjoy measuring themselves against one another and also compete aggressively.
This avoids potentially negative situations such as three separate agencies all starting an official emergency shelter for victims of a disaster.
In some cases the pivot is central, creating two equal openings.
All three configurations are common, especially in the case of American college football stadiums.
Together these six KRs could now function as a multi-dimensional descriptive label for any piece of humorous text.
A foldup has two equal sashes similar to a standard double hung, but folds upward allowing air to pass through nearly the full frame opening.
Logos fall into three classifications .
One half section contained the gun and its implements, its limber and four to six horses , and several members of the gun crew.
Gauthier identified four different definitions for the same biological name "Aves", which is a problem.
In 2008 Dietrich enlarged his approach of the many peaces to the so-called five families of peace interpretations: the energetic, moral, modern, post-modern and trans-rational approach.
The soft feces form here and contain up to five times the vitamins of hard feces.
Over this period, there were six bumper, five poor, and nine good seed crops, when evaluated for production of adequate seedlings for natural forest reproduction.
A more classic example of such a shot would be Yusuf Pathan's six off Robin Peterson.
Later this type of mitteldeutsches Haus was expanded to two or more buildings around a rectangular farmyard, often with a second story.
Doubling and further splitting of post-split hands may be restricted, and an ace and ten value card after a split are counted as a non-blackjack 21.
The drink punch derives its name after the Sanskrit पञ्च for having five ingredients.
A Javanese ʻukulele commonly has only three strings.
This tractor model also included a rear Power Take Off shaft that could be used to power three point hitch mounted implements such as sickle-bar mowers.
The Sakha Republic is administratively divided into five cities under the Republic's jurisdiction and 33 uluses.
These generally take the form of four signal sections .
It is advantageous to make an insurance bet whenever the hole card has more than a chance of one in three of being a ten.
Twisted ropes are built up in three steps.
Throughout gestation, which in most species requires two to four weeks, his mate visits him daily for “morning greetings”.
Record breaking elevators of the modern world with interesting facts and statistics on these seven engineering feats.
The first set of these were three Latécoère 631's that Air France purchased and put into service in July 1947.
The three main forms of the Provençal quilt are matelassage , corded quilting or piqûre de Marseille , and boutis.
More recently Timothy Williamson wrote Tetralogue, a philosophical exchange on a train between four people with radically different epistemological views.
There are three incompatible types:Standard boots fit "flow" and "strap" bindings and are by far the most common.
Surface weather observations were taken hourly, and four radiosonde releases occurred daily.
While there are two subgroups of garnet, solid solutions exist between all six end-members.
The term multicostate refers to having more than one prominent main vein.
Vaucher was perhaps the first to propose a system of classification of Algae and he recognized three groups, Conferves, Ulves and Tremelles.
Gambling thus requires three elements to be present: consideration , risk , and a prize.
At Sant'Andrea in Catabarbara Christ appeared in the center, flanked on either side by three Apostles.
In the second stage, called the pega , the forcados, a group of eight men, challenge the bull directly without any protection or weapon of defence.
A goal kicked during a try following a touchdown is worth one point.
This uses a fairly stringent notion of cliff, as the 1,340 m figure refers to a nearly vertical headwall of two stacked pillars
At not so few bridges, motorways without changing appearance, temporarily ends between the two exits closest to the bridge , and continues as dual carriageways.
Some slide trombones have one or two rotary valves operated by a left-hand thumb trigger.
Adults are recommended to have up to two , and three servings.
There are also three major competitions in Rider windsurfing
The Soviet Union used the three ranks senior lieutenant , lieutenant , and junior lieutenant .
Earth has at least five co-orbital asteroids, including 3753 Cruithne and 2002 AA29.
Of these eight compounds, only the iodides are colored.
These 35 points of "five count" and seven tricks equals 42 points, hence the name.
He suspended a pendulum free to swing in two dimensions from the dome of the Panthéon in Paris.
The pletna of Slovenia is rowed forward in the standing position with two oars.
White moves first, after which players alternate turns, moving one piece per turn .
The third stump was introduced in 1775, after Lumpy Stevens bowled three successive deliveries to John Small that went straight through the two stumps rather than hitting them.
These forms can be combined, so 3/5–9 Eve Street signifies Apartment 3 in a building which spans street numbers 5 to 9 on one side of Eve Street.
The five Mars were completed, and the last delivered in 1947.
Many are also available for hire as self-driven holiday destinations with accommodation for four to perhaps a dozen persons.
The University of Georgia Oceanographic Insitute from Skidaway Island, Georgia also provided an estimated three million Glycera worms for use.
The arm stroke consists of two main parts: the power phase and the recovery.
They transform answers for question about health status from five levels into three levels and report results for three groups of people.
This wording could be taken literally, the wish granted so that at one time the wisher was wealthy but is not any more.
The trees drip latex for about four hours, stopping as latex coagulates naturally on the tapping cut, thus blocking the latex tubes in the bark.
Musical sound may be analyzed on five different time scales, which Moravscik has arranged in order of increasing duration .
This simple but ingenious design only used four moving parts allowing the production of cheaper and reliable shotguns.
Triple peel : To send a ball other than the striker's ball through its last three hoops, and then peg it out.
Pines have four types of leaf:Seed leaves on seedlings are borne in a whorl of 4–24.
Eyes with resolving power have come in ten fundamentally different forms, and 96% of animal species possess a complex optical system.
Pumps in this category range from simplex, with one cylinder, to in some cases quad cylinders, or more.
Aluminium tribromide and aluminium triiodide form Al2X6 dimers in all three phases and hence do not show such significant changes of properties upon phase change.
Pods are 3 to 7 cm long, normally containing one to four seeds.
With money amounts, m means one million: $5m is five million dollars.
All three common optical disc media use light from laser diodes, for its spectral purity and ability to be focused precisely.
Finally, multiple oxides are compounds of two metals with oxygen.
Apollo Block I A1C suit was a derivative of the Gemini suit, worn by primary and backup crews in training for two early Apollo missions.
From 2015 to 2018, six teams per conference qualify
This includes three principal methods, namely AdMob, AdSense
However, tying two consecutive right-over-left half-knots forms the infamous granny knot, which is much less secure.
The last ten seconds are usually counted down aloud "Ten seconds to liftoff.
Dimorphic root systems: roots with two distinctive forms for two separate functionsFine roots: typically primary roots <2 mm diameter that have the function of water and nutrient uptake.
Wherever two jurisdictions come into contact, special economic opportunities arise for border trade.
The two most common approaches are intarsia and stranded colorwork.
The tails of all but three species are rounded
It ends up after with somewhere between three to four sambas, which are competing in the great Final do Samba.
The first three are natural.
Four to six men could portage it, bottom up.
If one reflects a median in the angle bisector that passes through the same vertex, one obtains a symmedian.
There were five other crewed missions using Mercury spacecraft.
The platoon was organized into a six-man platoon headquarters and four sections.
Each fireteam has one soldier with an F89 Minimi LSW and the other three armed with F88 Steyr assault rifles.
What one group considers a crime may cause or ignite war or conflict.
In the army a sergeant has one gold chevron .
The right face of the controller features four digital action buttons
The assembly would remain together by means of two taper pins passed through the shell and cartridge.
The lowest basin was decorated with carved reliefs of two lions.
A cow's udder contains two pairs of mammary glands, creating four "quarters".
Windsavers are used when two reeds share a cell and leakage through the nonplaying reed would be significant.
The first function being sovereignty—and was divided into two additional categories: magical and juridical.
The apse is dominated by an orant Theotokos with a Deesis in three medallions above.
Lastly, consummate love includes all three components.
Mosaic art also flourished in Christian Petra where three Byzantine churches were discovered.
Acarya Haribhadra and Acarya Hemacandra mention the five major vows of ascetics and 12 minor vows of laity under yoga.
The latter is composed of relatively dense basalt and is some five to ten kilometres thick.
He wrote:The chess machine is an ideal one to start with, since: the problem is sharply defined both in allowed operations and in the ultimate goal
A chant is the iterative speaking or singing of words or sounds, often primarily on one or two main pitches called reciting tones.
Read and Stokes consider two basic models, the "hydrostatic" and "I-beam leaf" form .
Traffic volume must exceed prescribed minima for eight hours of an average day .Four-hour vehicular volume.
Snowshoes today are divided into three types:aerobic/running
After 2004, Max disappeared from animation, thus removing the division between the two media.
The biggest radial arm drill presses are able to drill holes as large as four inches diameter in solid steel or cast iron.
LIFO considers the last unit arriving in inventory as the first one sold.
L" shaped stairways have one landing and usually change in direction by 90 degrees. "
It lasts two to four years – the duration varies among the 250 legally recognized apprenticeship trades.
The WDBF specifies the use of 6 balls with six players per side for their World Championships.
Birds live and breed in most terrestrial habitats and on all seven continents, reaching their southern extreme in the snow petrel's breeding colonies up to 440 kilometres inland in Antarctica.
The floor of one level typically also holds the ceiling of the level below .
The flight took about eight hours from ground and return.
Vagabonds could be sentenced to the stocks for three days and nights
The winner of the game is the team who completes the set circuit of six hoops , with both balls, and then strikes the centre peg .
The free-bass left hand notes are arranged chromatically in three rows with one additional duplicate row of buttons.
The 400 m race is equivalent to two stades and called diaulos in Greek.
These circular mirrors were typically small, from five to eight inches in diameter.
France has historical and strong links with cinema, with two Frenchmen, Auguste and Louis Lumière credited with creating cinema in 1895.
Thus the three notes are played in quick succession at relative ease to the player.
Several cases are special:* For channel surfaces one sheet forms a curve and the other sheet is a surface* For cones, cylinders, tori and cyclides both sheets form curves.
In particular windsurfers trying to improve speed records use camber fins, as the maximum performance is required on one down-wind course direction.
The two polyps thus created then generate their missing body parts and exoskeleton.
A Code of Points or guidelines of scoring a routine's difficulty and execution, is slightly revised for each quadrennium, or period of four years culminating in the Olympics year.
The duration of a game ranges from long games, which can take up to seven hours , to bullet chess .
In the Škoda ForCity, which is the world's first 100% low floor tram with pivoting bogies, a Jacobs bogie supports the articulation between the two or more carbody sections.
At one end, the common smith's anvil has a projecting conical bick used for hammering curved work pieces.
Liquid-crystal displays , vacuum fluorescent displays , and light-emitting diode displays use seven segments to represent each digit in a basic calculator.
MIT offers 44 undergraduate degrees across its five schools.
Bowloader are usually seen as the coxed four and coxed pair type of boat.
The genus Sus is currently thought to contain eight living species.
Gerard, in his extensive discussion of daffodils, both wild and cultivated described twenty four species in London gardens , .
He published a five volume work from 1921 to 1923 that examined ant biology and society.
Picnickers are used to illustrate the scale of one metre in the film Powers of Ten .
In 2014 in the UK, as a marketing strategy, one company advertised and hired a Human Bullet Tester.
These include quartets for one violin, two violas, and one cello, notably by Carl Stamitz and others
The standard European approach for disinfectant validation consists of a basic suspension test, a quantitative suspension test and a two part simulated-use surface test.
An example of the cabrio coach is the 2003-10 C3 Pluriel, which has a roof with five possible configurations.
Trams pass every five minutes at rush hour.
Water poloCricketBox lacrosseVolleyball matches typically take three minutes between sets 1 and 2 and any sets after the 3rd .
It normally occurs in the format of three qualifying heats and a final race for trophy positions.
An ant-based computer simulation using only six interaction rules has also been used to evaluate aircraft boarding behaviour.
The other three explanatory modes might be rendered material composition, structure and dynamics, and, again, criterion of completion.
Large violas were designed to play the lower register viola lines or second viola in five part harmony depending on instrumentation.
As of 2011 six of the nine "1000" level tournaments are combined ATP and WTA events.
For buildings of much over seven floors, traction elevators must be employed instead.
Mike Figgis' Timecode consists of a single 90-minute take as well, albeit with four camera units shooting simultaneously.
Kamohoali'i was an ancestral god, not a human who became a shark and banned the eating of humans after eating one herself.
As such, a pyramid has at least three outer triangular surfaces .
At one time, blasters traditionally wore red.
Bulls become fertile around seven months of age.
If tapered in two dimensions, a point results.
In the UK, playground inspectors can sit the examinations of the Register of Play Inspectors International at the three required levels - routine, operational and annual.
Thirty five up to sixty five litres and above are common.
Tapping can be used to play polyphonic and counterpoint music on a guitar, making available eight fingers as stops.
There are often four oral arms connected to the manubrium, streaming away into the water below.
Tsukesage can have between one and three kamon, and can be worn to parties, but not ceremonies or highly formal events.
Representatives of at least eight families are hypogean with three families that are also troglobitic .
In Kansas, heavy snows of late 1885 had piled drifts ten feet high.
Modern musical notation uses a musical staff made of five horizontal lines.
In 1561, commanders acting under Kizawa Nagamasa hired three Iga ninja of genin rank to assist the conquest of a fortress in Maibara.
Fleisig lists nine recommendations for preventative care of children's arms.
Forcipulatida Species in this order have distinctive pedicellariae, consisting of a short stalk with three skeletal ossicles.
This scheme divides the world into nine "botanical continents".
Because it can be written as 221 + 1, five is classified as a Fermat prime
Each pad or site tends to accumulate roofing, sheathing, plywood, and nailed two by fours.
American military commissaries overseas honor manufacturers coupons for up to six months past the expiration date.
Seahorses have three distinctive feeding phases: preparatory, expansive, and recovery.
The two main oxide-hydroxides, AlO, are boehmite and diaspore.
There are six standard barrel diameters for telescopes.
There are two main types:Snow peas have flat pods with thin pod walls.
The four known distinct patterns, each having a sound genetic explanation, are the mackerel, classic, ticked and spotted tabby patterns.
The coat of arms of Iceland even has four supporters.
Table Three: In table three the first cluster shows the Relations of Shame and Guilt to Direct Constructive Response to Anger.
In N. triandrus there are three patterns of sexual organs but all have long upper anthers but vary in stigma position and the length of the lower anthers.
The bottom eight clubs play their own single round-robin phase
Updated in the 1920s, these guides gave shopping suggestions for different-sized families along with a Depression Era revision which included four cost levels.
More First Class passenger accommodations were located here with six palatial staterooms featuring their own private promenades.
The engine gave about six horse-power.
As with other members of Liliaceae the perianth is undifferentiated and biseriate , formed from six free caducous tepals arranged into two separate whorls of three parts each.
Unlike the structures of the three heavier trihalides, aluminium fluoride features six-coordinate aluminium, which explains its involatility and insolubility as well as high heat of formation.
The most cited system is that of the Royal Horticultural Society which simply lists ten sections.
The wedge can be considered a moving inclined plane or two inclined planes connected at the base.
Nintendo released the Color TV Game 6 in 1977, which plays six variations of electronic tennis.
These four stages of the meal appear consistently in this order in all the books that derive from the Petit traicté.
Brown and Mood in 1951 proposed the idea of using the medians of two subsamples rather the means.
There was one attempt to keep a stranded Sowerby's beaked whale calf in captivity
Indeed, typing speeds, as scored in proficiency tests and typewriting speed competitions, included a deduction of ten words for every mistake.
An example is the three male forms of the marine isopod Paracerceis sculpta.
As is characteristic of Sigmodontinae, the marsh rice rat has a complex penis, with the distal end of the baculum ending in three digits.
To further allow extension, the center post can usually extend above the meeting of three legs.
Lately people keep getting the two things mixed up."
This describes the two types of crying as ways to imply details about the self as known privately or one's public identity.
The original compression wave, now greatly reinforced by the second 'puff' of air, sets off on another two trips down the pipe before the cycle is repeated again.
Between 1933 and 1936, de la Cierva used one C.30A to perfect his last contribution to autogyro development before his death in late 1936.
From the TOAs and the TOTs, the receiver forms four time of flight values, which are approximately equivalent to receiver-satellite ranges.
From 1929 to 1951, five national holidays were days of rest .
Vertical video ads like Snapchat’s are watched in their entirety nine times more frequently than landscape video ads.
The energy levels of their outer s- and p-orbitals are close enough to allow mixing into four hybrid sp3 orbitals.
In Ancient Rome, every eight days there was a nundinae.
The Iconoclastic churches were embellished with plain gold mosaics with only one great cross in the apse like the Hagia Irene in Constantinople .
The pinna originates as a fusion of six hillocks.
A study done in four cities
Using the adjustable feet, the side blanks are cut to 30 inches, thus yielding six cabinet side per sheet.
His instrument also could sound two different chords with the same key, one for each bellows direction .
Standing above the decks were four funnels, each painted buff with black tops, and two masts, each 155 feet high, which supported derricks for working cargo.
Brescian mandolins that have survived in museums have four gut strings instead of six and a fixed bridge.
For a conscious child or adult start with five back blows and five abdominal thrusts.
During WW II, fuels above 100-octane were given two ratings, a rich and lean mixture and these would be called 'performance numbers' .
The NIH system of classification is more succinct and only describes five categories of headaches.
Currently only five locations exist.
Table decorations normally appear with three or five balloons on each bouquet.
In 1968 Leo Boer and Wener van de Wetering founded a Zen group, and through two books made Zen popular in the Netherlands.
Carnival São Nicolau is celebrated over three days: dawn Saturday, Sunday afternoon, and Tuesday.
Also in Asia, Jeremy Wade caught a 75.5 kilograms Goonch following three fatal attacks on humans in the Kali River on the India-Nepal border.
There are four sizes of rackett, in a family ranging from descant , tenor-alto, bass to great bass.
Fletchings generally range from two to six inches in length
These are two long strips of wood , which run in the gap between pinblock and bellyrail.
One period of such a grating consists of one black bar and one adjacent white bar.
However, in 1939 the Mogamis were refitted as heavy cruisers with ten 203 mm guns.
Note the sign convention: a telescope with two convex lenses produces a negative magnification, indicating an inverted image.
The current record is nine gliders in the same aerotow.
Thomas Jefferson designed and had built two brick octagons at his vacation home.
The arcuate nucleus also contains two more peptides that suppress hunger.
Robert Plutchik agreed with Ekman's biologically driven perspective but developed the "wheel of emotions", suggesting eight primary emotions grouped on a positive or negative basis: joy versus sadness
The barriers close three times daily for 7 minutes to allow trains to pass.
Bearfield has argued that patronage be used for four general purposes: create or strengthen a political organization
Samurai armour had one last short lived use in 1877 during the Satsuma Rebellion.
From Samkhya, the Yoga Sutras adopt the "reflective discernment" of prakrti and purusa , its metaphysical rationalism, as well its three epistemic methods of gaining reliable knowledge.
Chocolate digestives, Rich tea, and Hobnobs were ranked the UK's top three favourite dunking biscuits in 2009.
Between birth and five years, age can be closely estimated by observing the eruption pattern on milk teeth and then permanent teeth.
From 1902 the Universal Military Saddle was manufactured with a fixed tree, broad panels to spread the load, and initially a front arch in three sizes.
A later technique was "checked maize", where hills were placed 40 in apart in each direction, allowing cultivators to run through the field in two directions.
In the three regional zones, Group II is conducted in a knockout format.
Ten 16th century portraits of German or Italian gentlemen may show ten entirely different hats.
All-fifths tuning is used for the lowest five strings of the new standard tuning of Robert Fripp and his former students in Guitar Craft courses
The order is divided into four infraorders and eighteen families.
Shades of meaning differentiating the three terms often reflect regional variations depending on historical uses and prevailing climate.
Frequency modulation synthesis creates sounds by modulating one waveform with the frequency of another
Track consists of two parallel steel rails, anchored perpendicular to members called ties of timber, concrete, steel, or plastic to maintain a consistent distance apart, or rail gauge.
Inshore from an island there may be a complex daily cycle with four high tides.
As the muscle extends distally, the two heads rotate 90 degrees externally before inserting onto the radial tuberosity.
The USA Softball Men's Fast Pitch National Team has won five World Championships and three other medals.
Water skiers can use two skis or one ski .
Oval: This form consists of three variants
The JRA is responsible for 'Chuo Keiba' , taking place on the ten main Japanese tracks.
The Corrido is a song where the singer part and the chorus response are equal, normally two verses by two responses.
Eileen Kennedy-Moore describes three key ingredients of children's friendship formation: openness, similarity, and shared fun.
His famous 1497 engraving The Four Witches, portrays four physically attractive and seductive nude witches.
In the study, six pea plants were chained together in seven pots.
The compressive forces applied to the foot are distributed along five rays, three medial and two lateral .
Older finger counting used the four fingers and the three bones in each finger to count to the number twelve.
The maturation process causes four main chemical transformations to the tequila compounds: decreasing of fusel oils by the char in barrels, which acts as an absorbing agent
By about 1900 one finds managers trying to place their theories on what they regarded as a thoroughly scientific basis .
Within six hours of the center's arrival, rain becomes continuous.
During the Song dynasty , officials of the top three ranks wore purple clothes
Some medieval naturalists concluded they have no bile , which in the medieval theory of the four humours explained the allegedly sweet disposition of doves.
According to the Species at Risk Public Registry , woodland"Caribou have large feet with four toes.
The seven planes together form a single crystal of montmorillonite.
Strong 300 kilometers per hour winds at Venus's cloud tops circle the planet every four to five earth days.
Structured illumination can improve resolution by around two to four times and techniques like stimulated emission depletion microscopy are approaching the resolution of electron microscopes.
Round graves with one pot were used in the Badarian Period , continuing the tradition of Omari and Maadi cultures.
A technique involves inverting the bottle and forcefully tapping its upper neck with two fingers .
A 2001 article on differentiating lesbians for medical studies and health research suggested identifying lesbians using the three characteristics of identity only, sexual behavior only, or both combined.
There are two established and competing principles for constructing trees
All seven athletes managed to walk a 220m long, 350m high slackline between Oko Tower and Neva Tower 2 in Moscow, on September 7.
Lampshades are classified in four basic shapes: drum, empire, bell or coolie depending on their shape.
Ferguson's genius was to combine a connection via two lower and one upper lift arms that were connected to a hydraulic lifting ram.
A documentary based on the competition called Turn It Loose profiled six b-boys training for the 2007 championship in Johannesburg.
Increasing tides are called malinae and decreasing tides ledones and that the month is divided into four parts of seven or eight days with alternating malinae and ledones.
These were three Irish regiments
On some long runs only cargo for one leg of the route is known when the cargo is loaded.
There are two steps, first in aerobic conditions, yeast is doubled in colony size every four hours.
By contrast, in warp knitting, one yarn is required for every wale.
The surviving Shakers sing songs drawn from both the earlier repertoire and the four part songbooks.
Two different color genes exist in the Dobermann: one for black and one for color dilution .
For these reasons, in tropical geometry one replaces multiplication with addition and addition with maximization.
The two books together are considered by Homskaya's account as "among Luria's major works in neuropsychology, most fully reflecting all the aspects of this new discipline."
Variation can exist for two reasons: The Standard Common causes are flaws inherent in the set up process.
Honne and tatemae contrasts a person's true feelings and desires and the behavior and opinions one displays in public.
Bombé commodes, with surfaces shaped in three dimensions, were a feature of the rococo style called "Louis Quinze".
One interesting exception was a horizontal seven inch turntable.
There are eight common distances jumped in competitive breaststroke swimming, four in yards and four in meters.
This method of preservation works by placing two electrodes between liquid juices then applying high voltage pulses for microseconds to milliseconds.
After working on it for three years, Lotte Reiniger released the German feature-length silhouette animation Die Abenteuer des Prinzen Achmed in 1926.
In two tournaments at this level Jersey have finished 6th.
Each segment has four basic regions.
According to one source, early major developments include:Kohl used by ancient Egypt as a protectant of the eye.
The OLPC project followed the same market goals laid down by the eMate 300 eight years earlier.
It uses three generally homophonic movements: fast–slow–fast.
While the only literary attestation of bere-hus comes from the Dialogi of Gregory the Great, there are four known mentions of bere-tun and two of bere-flor.
It was released on two sides of Victor 55225 and ran for 8m 59s.
The cabinet sits on four or more casters and has drawers to organize tools.
After the whole oat groats are separated, the remaining broken groats get sized again into the three groups , and then stored. "
The traditional five senses are enumerated as the "five material faculties" in Hindu literature.
Sights, quivers, rests, and design of the riser make one side of the bow heavier.
Here she guards and cares for them for about five months until they hatch.
Retail engravers mainly use two different processes.
Brass and copper, for example, disinfect themselves of many door handle bacteria within eight hours.
Ten teams prominently feature the colour, with two teams featuring the colour in their nicknames.
Babcox concludes, "The roots of the eight oldest trees are possibly much older.
The speaker was an Irish storyteller in 1935, framing one story in another .
An aluminium atom has 13 electrons, arranged in an electron configuration of 3s2 3p1, with three electrons beyond a stable noble gas configuration.
Morgan identified six basic patterns of kinship terminologies:Hawaiian: only distinguishes relatives based upon sex and generation.
The three nearly universal requirements of are:Sufficient strength to support the object, or to otherwise transmit the force involved in the task the handle serves.
The American Federation of Netball Associations hosts two tournaments each year: the Caribbean Netball Association Under 16 Championship and the AFNA Senior Championship.
Ambulances often have two manufacturers.
Checking the quoted sizes of sleeping areas reveals that several manufacturers consider that a width of 150 cm is enough for three people — snug is the operative word.
A "pen" knife by contrast has two flat sides.
NPK ratings consist of three numbers separated by dashes describing the chemical content of fertilizers.
In some cases, a fourth aspect, for a turn arrow for example, is below the three lights or aspects in more complicated road traffic intersections.
Generally, reel mowers have two wheels.
A runner straying more than three feet away from this baseline to avoid a tag may be called out.
Between 1901 and 2100 there are the maximum of seven eclipses in:four lunar and three solar eclipses: 1908, 2038.
The original watchmaker's turns was a simple dead-center lathe with a moveable rest and two loose head-stocks.
This ceremony is followed by Sahaj Paath Bhog, Kirtan Sohila, night time prayer is recited for one week, and finally Ardas called the "Antim Ardas" is offered the last week.
The two signals were sent out over separate AM station bands.
High entropy alloys such as AlLiMgScTi are composed of equal or nearly equal quantities of five or more metals.
The top of the rubber is to be no higher than ten inches above home plate.
A female koala has two teats
They were five inches in diameter and recorded on one side only.
The dress worn by women consist of three pieces known as Kira, Tego and Wonju.
All seven trees continue to produce olives.
Stimulus diffusion" refers to an element of one culture leading to an invention or propagation in another. "
The two academic bodies of thought on the assessment of competitiveness are the Structure Conduct Performance Paradigm and the more contemporary New Empirical Industrial Organisation model.
The ten outfield players may be arranged in any combination.
There are three main lifeguard service providers, one heavily sponsored: TrygFonden Kystlivredning, which is backed by TrygFonden while Den Nordsjællandske Kystlivredningstjeneste are sponsored by the councils at the Zealand Northshore.
They are four different attacks In sabre, attacks are also made with a cutting action.
In the tale, the Salmon will grant powers of knowledge to whoever eats it, and is sought by poet Finn Eces for seven years.
These commonly have from two and to as many as seven mould boards – and semi-mounted ploughs can have as many as 18.
The cumulus genus includes four species that indicate vertical size and structure.
The addition of valves below that note can lower the instrument a further six semitones to a 20 Hz E0.
There was also one such community in the Yau Ma Tei Typhoon Shelter.
Gynoecium The ovary is inferior and trilocular and there is a pistil with a minutely three lobed stigma and filiform style, which is often exserted .
Action Plans: First among seven numbered steps was the following: "To halt this offensive buildup a strict quarantine on all offensive military equipment under shipment to Cuba is being initiated.
In contrast to their beautifully clean-shaven Italian audience, these three intellectuals all sported magnificent beards."
No other isomer or isotope of gold has three decay paths.
Hartelius calls attention to two competing norm systems of expertise: “network norms of dialogic collaboration” and “deferential norms of socially sanctioned professionalism”
Perception is conceived to occur through five senses.
At one extreme we have actions which are entirely profane, entirely functional, technique pure and simple
The task of converting electronically pulsed fork vibration into rotary movements is done via two tiny jeweled fingers, called pawls.
IAU has recognized three and assigned the naming of two additional candidates, Haumea and Makemake, to the IAU dwarf-planet naming committee.
Douglas later developed a version of this plane that was pressurized and five feet longer
Cattle use all of the five widely recognized sensory modalities.
The sum of two counter-propagating waves creates a standing wave.
Most developed countries operate three core emergency services:Police – handle mainly crime-related emergencies.
Whether one is a high school or TEFL graduate or college student, most schools require just voluntary and selfless effort.
The exhibit featured 700 Barbie dolls over two floors as well as works by contemporary artists and documents that contextualize Barbie.
Genuflection is bending at least one knee to the ground, was from early times a gesture of deep respect for a superior.
All three dollhouses shows the linen room , kitchen, and bedrooms in great detail.
In Germany, Boney M. was a Euro disco group of four West Indian singers and dancers masterminded by West German record producer Frank Farian.
Aaron Lynch described seven general patterns of meme transmission, or "thought contagion":Quantity of parenthood: an idea that influences the number of children one has.
It is played with four players paired into teams.
Like among the Tagbanwa people, where a person is said to have six souls - the "free soul" and five secondary souls with various functions.
In literature, one appears in The Invisible Man by H. G. Wells as part of a Whit Monday fair and referred to as "an inclined strong".
This system of classification contains four categories:Hunter-gatherer bands .
At least three pairs of replacement fangs lie behind the functional pair.
At least six different types are produced:White: wilted and unoxidized
Sometimes a pier has two decks.
Melbourne has at least four roads named "the Boulevard".
The INA-5 is a surround microphone array that uses five cardioid microphones resembling the angles of the standardised surround loudspeaker configuration defined by the ITU Rec.
At the Behistun inscription, Darius says:I smote them and took prisoner nine kings.
A mnemonic for its volume relative to an imperial pint is ‘a litre of water's a pint and three quarters’
The four types of field coagula are "cuplump", "treelace", "smallholders' lump" and "earth scrap".
Base-runners could only advance one base on infield balls.
The International Cheer Union is built of 103 countries that compete against each other in four divisions
The seven grounds are:Ratna prabhaSharkara prabha.
These have two lights, usually mounted vertically.
Robert Sternberg saw three main elements in hatred: a negation of intimacy, by creating distance when closeness had become threatening
The issue was addressed in six consecutive Pearls strips in 2005.
Trees reach full bearing five to six years after planting.
These three regions collectively dominated production of mined lead until c. 1200 BCE.
About 2,500 kilometres are fully constructed to motorway standards, These are called Autosnelweg or simply snelweg, and numbered and signposted with an A and up to three digits, like A12.
At one time, Pressman Toys manufactured a product called Domino Rally that contained tiles and mechanical devices for setting up toppling exhibits.
There are also two metastable phases of ice under pressure, both fully hydrogen-disordered
It has only one line of symmetry .
There are three common distances swum in competitive backstroke swimming, both over either a long course or a short course .
Where the experimental method failed, he turned to other objectively valuable aids, specifically to those products of cultural communal life which lead one to infer particular mental motives.
More recently, Blacks A Fake has won four Inter Dominion Championships, making him the only horse to complete this feat in Australasia's premier harness race.
They are found in Liguria ... and in Elis as one approaches Olympia by the mountain road
There are two types of Hindu priests, pujaris and purohits .
The fourth of the five Buddhist precepts involves falsehood spoken or committed to by action.
All of the six comedies that Terence wrote between 166 and 160 BC have survived
Pain often occurs when one squats.
All formats end with four drivers eligible to win the season title entering the season's last race.
Canadian Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale using a 7.62mm C-3 registered 20 confirmed kills over ten days during Operation Anaconda.
Of eight X-15 pilots who exceeded 50 miles in altitude, only one exceeded 100 kilometers .
MCs stay on beat by stressing syllables in time to the four beats of the musical backdrop.
For small scale asphalt recycling, the user separates asphalt material into three different categories:Blacktop cookiesChunks of virgin uncompacted hot mix asphalt which can be used for pothole repair.
One serving usually consists of five to ten silver dollar pancakes.
Groups develop into teams in four stages:dependency and inclusioncounter dependency and fightingtrust and structureworkIn the first stage, group development is characterized by members' dependency on the designated leader .
Someone lays six or so logs out like the spokes of a wheel .
Usually a flat bed sheet is overlocked around the edges to form four seams.
Israeli Police YAMAM sniper Pascal Yom-Tov Avraami – decorated with the police Medal of Bravery and two Medals of Valor.
Many of these pools have eight, or even six, instead of ten lanes and some will be 25 metres long, making them Short course.
There are three principal areas covered by editors – Proofing , Story , and Layout .
A more recent outbreak in 2001 killed six lions.
The strength of concrete changes for up to three years.
In 1882, four touchdowns were determined to take precedence over a goal kicked from the field.
For example, in New Zealand nine species of moa were important browsers, as are the kererū and kokako today.
Waistcoats worn with lounge suits normally match the suit in cloth, and have four to six buttons.
Head constables wear three chevrons point-down on their sleeve or three bars on their epaulettes.
Some facility safety steel guardrail systems utilize one horizontal rail, where others employ two or three rails.
The 1917 catch was one quarter of the 1913 catch.
AD 581: Dr Sun Si Miao introduces ten new massage techniques and systematized the treatment of childhood diseases using massage therapy.
The 1932 Hollywood film Three on a Match featured a midriff baring two piece bathing suit.
The Allies had three light cruisers and ten destroyers
All three joints perform the final propulsive movements during toe-off.
Modern Sikh men mainly wear four kinds of Turban.
Gestation lasts nearly three months.
Later breeding efforts included ear to row selection , hybrids made from selected inbred lines , and the highly successful double cross hybrids using four inbred lines .
But in club play, good bridge players take advantage of non-randomness after four shuffles, and top blackjack players supposedly track aces through the deck
Unit prefix M , meaning one million times, and m meaning one-thousandth.
The patents of all three concerns were cross-licensed.
Every lift involves at least two terminals and may also have intermediate supporting towers.
Young stock and bucks are judged by different scorecards which place more emphasis on the other three categories
A puzzle mug called fuddling cups consists of three mugs connected through their walls and handles.
There are four major international netball competitions
Including two for the coil, such a relay has four terminals in total.
The MUTCD's 2009 edition changed countdown timers to a mandatory feature on pedestrian signals at all signalized intersections with pedestrian clearance intervals longer than seven seconds.
Artists generally utilize charcoal in three forms:Vine charcoal is created by burning grape vines.
The famous row of four colossal statues outside the main temple at Abu Simbel each show Rameses II, a typical scheme, though here exceptionally large.
It was a twin-boom biplane with three 67 kW Gnome rotary engines and first flew in October 1914.
The leaves are opposite and pinnate with four leaflets
These three towns remained the centre of the English silk throwing industry until silk throwing was replaced by silk waste spinning.
Two teams of five debate on a given motion.
Fornication ..., riches ..., the profanation of the temple" make up the three nets.
While Windows machines ASP fell $129 in these seven months, Apple macOS laptop ASP declined just $12 from $1,524 to $1,512.
The three Imperial Tombs of Qin Dynasty were additionally inscribed in 2000 and 2003.
All four can be made by high-temperature direct reaction of their component elements.
Thus, four varying great circles of longitude define from year to year when a 24-hour day occurs.
There are three other important circles, the excircles
Free-ranging chickens should receive two cups of barley daily.
Gentle traction is exerted on a group of hairs on three different areas of the scalp.
A stone carving from an Eastern Han tomb depicts three hanging two-pronged forks in a dining scene.
Among the seven major sins, it represents vanity.
The Presbyterian Church ordains two types of presbyters or elders, teaching and ruling .
There are three cases in practical calculation:Case 1: amount of solvent volume is given.
The 2011 film The Big Year depicted three birders competing in an American Birding Association Area big year.
After three years, Bloodworth and Stafford were paid off, and Samuel Need – a hosier of Nottingham – joined the partnership.
Six buttons are typical, with two to button
So named for its panel of five commentators.
To alleviate this situation, six bus based park and ride sites operate in York.
Experiments have shown that Deinopis spinosus has two different techniques for trapping prey: backwards strikes to catch flying insects, whose vibrations it detects
Bars generally trade seven days a week but there are local municipal restrictions concerning trading hours.
Max Weber in his essay "Politics as a Vocation" divided legitimate authority into three types.
French recommendations provide similar guidelines and set the daily goal at five servings.
Kalenić, BelgradeGreat Market, Belgrade - Built in around 1854Vračar Square , BelgradeIn Spain, two types of retail market can be identified
A black mood is a bad one .
The French Revolutionary Calendar had ten-day weeks and allowed décadi, one out of the ten days, as a leisure day.
Fénelon's Telemachus became a classic three years after its publication.
Quadcopters have four rotors often with parallel axes which are commonly used on model aircraft.
Figure of eight: All of the course should on a beam reach with two floating marks that have to be jibed around.
According to James, attention has five major effects.
Some special days did not belong to any month—Yule 1 and 2 and three Lithedays in mid-summer.
As with China, the number nine is significant and auspicious in Korea, and dragons were said to have 81 scales on their backs, representing yang essence.
The second, the Venu or Pullanguzhal, has eight finger holes, and is played predominantly in the Carnatic music of Southern India.
Timeform expressed the opinion that Wince was unlikely to stay beyond seven furlongs.
The later more mass-produced M-51 parka had just the one cuff button.
This includes five levels of containment, viz.,
The Metal Anti-Ship Complex is replaced with eight P-270 Moskit supersonic sea-skimming anti-ship missile.
This creature is estimated to have stood around nine feet tall.
It was made by layering plaster within four plies of wool felt paper.
The three wave hypothesis compares the wave–particle duality to a bevel gear.
There are four main conceptual approaches to suit design:Soft suits typically are made mostly of fabrics.
Rest rotation grazing "divides the range into at least four pastures.
Flashlights using three or more dry cells may only use a resistor to limit current.
Valvatida Most species in this order have five arms and two rows of tube feet with suckers.
The patient showed a reduction in disgust-response on eight categories including food, animals, body products, envelope violation and death.
Although Decca had recorded Ansermet's conducting of Antar in stereo May 1954 it took four years for the first stereo LPs to be sold.
Children usually spend one semester per year learning swimming during CP/CE1/CE2/CM1 .
The first records of wheeled seats being used for transporting disabled persons date to three centuries later in China
The vessel then runs two lines to the pier.
The Raumschach variant utilises five boards of twenty-five squares each, totalising 125 squares.
A capital territory can be one specific form of federal district.
Tropicality encompasses at least two contradictory imageries.
Suetonius recorded that on one occasion, naumachiarii—captives and criminals fated to die fighting during mock naval encounters—addressed Claudius Caesar with the words Ave Caesar!
In 165 BC, at least one munus was held during April's Megalesia.
In destination control systems, one selects the intended destination floor and is then notified which elevator will serve their request.
Hypothetical scores in possible and legal but highly unlikely plays and games are far higher, primarily through the use of words that cover three triple-word-score squares.
Effect of apparent wind on sailing craft at three points of sailSailing craft A is close-hauled.
For the representative must needs be one man, or more
Pitch point Point where the line of action crosses a line joining the two gear axes.
The Serious Leisure Perspective groups hobbyists with amateurs and volunteers and identifies three broad groups of leisure activity with hobbies being found mainly in the Serious leisure category.
Tenements were usually five stories high, constructed on the then-typical 25 by 100 feet lots, with "cockroach landlords" exploiting the new immigrants.
Their fur consist of two layers
A similarly minimal frown requires only six muscles to lower the corners of the mouth.
Since 1974 six conurbations have been known as metropolitan counties, each divided into metropolitan districts.
The marbled sea snake that has adapted to egg predation has atrophied venom glands, and the gene for its three finger toxin contains a mutation that inactives it.
In France, a great number of highly characteristic solo works were created and compiled into four books of ordres by François Couperin .
Sikh clergy consists of five Jathedars, one each from five takhts or sacred seats.
He subsequently proposed the names of Sauropsida and Ichthyopsida for the latter two groups.
The Irish High King Niall of the Nine Hostages got his epithet Noígiallach because, by taking nine petty kings hostage, he had subjected nine other principalities to his power.
Seagoing tugs fall into four basic categories:The standard seagoing tug with model bow that tows by way of a wire cable or on a rope hawser.
An important feature distinguishing news from private information transfers is the impression that when one reads it, one joins a larger public.
In addition there are three other derived definitions used for artillery and navigation which are approximately equal to a milliradian.
Thus the current classification includes 39 species distributed across 8 sections , in three subgenera .
The ship carried three torpedoes per tube.
Their goal is to empirically test both the six autonomous classification types and the hierarchical ordering of these KRs.
Pliny's Natural History recommended stewing them with honey and noted three dozen varieties.
A belted bias tire starts with two or more bias-plies to which stabilizer belts are bonded directly beneath the tread.
A study done in 1644, by John Bulwer an English physician and early Baconian natural philosopher wrote five works exploring human communications pertaining to gestures.
Chefs Hats are awarded for outstanding restaurants and range from one hat through three hats.
The Cambridge rules differed from the draft FA rules in two significant areas
Borong the Warlock: won his championship title in three countries, including 230 Best of Breed, 30 Specialty Show "bests," six all-breed Best in Show, and 66 Working Groups.
Papyrus has a life of at most a century or two in relatively moist Italian or Greek conditions
On 16 February 1979, seven men convicted of the ritual killing of the popular Kru traditional singer Moses Tweh, were publicly hanged at dawn in Harper.
In fact, in the hierarchy of five roadside safety treatments, shielding with guardrails ranks fourth.
The following table contains the principal commercial shrimp, the seven most harvested species.
Three exceptions are pronounced : six , dix and in some city names such as Bruxelles or Auxerre
The iris contains two groups of smooth muscles
A few contain only three cymbals, using a crash/ride instead of the separate ride and crash.
The fruit that develops is a schizocarp consisting of two mericarps
Capsomeres on the triangular faces are surrounded by six others and are called hexons.
Within three months the participating maritime nations had formed the International Ice Patrol .
The large or dietary calorie is equal to one kilocalorie , and is gradually being replaced by the latter correct term.
It also records that eight varieties of pearls accompanied Prince Vijaya's embassy to the Pandyan king as well as king Devanampiya Tissa's embassy to Emperor Ashoka.
Some of the trails are over one thousand miles long.
A registered prostitute was called a meretrix while the unregistered one fell under the broad category prostibulae.
Most sharks have eight fins.
This division into four major clades was then confirmed using morphology alone.
Normally, the first five to six dans are given by examination by superior dan holders, while the subsequent are honorary, given for special merits and/or age reached.
Declarative clause, standard SV order...that I've been hungry for two hours. -
For almost four months the Mozart family lodged with barber John Couzin.
For example, it was found in one context that GMDH has higher forecasting accuracy than traditional ARIMA Judgmental forecasting methods incorporate intuitive judgement, opinions and subjective probability estimates.
The most footballs juggled simultaneously is five and was achieved by Victor Rubilar at the Gallerian Shopping Centre in Stockholm, Sweden, on 4 November 2006.
Among more notable bubble lifts are the Ramcharger 8 at Big Sky Resort, North America's first high speed eight pack
Mean low water neaps – The average of the two low tides on the days of neap tides.
It comes from the Latin militaris through French, but is of uncertain etymology, one suggestion being derived from *mil-it- – going in a body or mass.
The exceptional mosaic decoration of the dome showing probably the nine orders of the angels was destroyed in 1822 but other panels survived .
The three main categories of kabuki are jidaimono , sewamono and shosagoto .
In his will, King Æthelstan leaves his cniht, Aelfmar, eight hides of land.
Minerals such as galena or halite have cubic cleavage in three directions, at 90°
There have also been cases in which two recording lathes were fed from two separate microphones
Between and above these are three small simple eyes which provide information on light intensity.
The traditional six counties remain in common everyday use for many cultural and other purposes.
The orchestra survived for ten years before Stalin's cultural politics disbanded it by taking away its funding.
Besides water resistance standards to a minimum of 100-metre depth rating ISO 6425 also provides eight minimum requirements for mechanical diver's watches for scuba diving .
These represent four separate, independent mutations.
A carefully prepared banzuke listing the full hierarchy is published two weeks prior to each sumo tournament.
They had one big tank each.
A study of five practitioners using magnetic resonance imaging by Peoples et al.
Magne-Traction incorporates seven bumps on each side of the board which LibTech speculates will improve edge holding.
Amble Urban District Council had nine elected Councillors.
The two most common are the United States CAMI and the European FEPA "P" grade.
Apophallation has been reported only in some species of banana slug and one species of Deroceras.
The fabulous art treasures collected by the French monarchy over centuries were accessible to the public three days each "décade" .
A series of five marks occurs on Byzantine silver dating from this period.
Three professional judges sit alongside six jurors in first instance proceedings or nine in appeal proceedings.
Octopuses have three hearts
A typical futomaki is five to six centimetres in diameter.
The VR for transport category aircraft is calculated such as to allow the aircraft to reach the regulatory screen height at V2 with one engine failed.
Gelongma ordination requires the presence of ten fully ordained people keeping exactly the same vows.
Swedish massage uses five styles of strokes.
The abdomen has nine segments, the hindermost three being modified into the sting.
In addition to the three early te styles of karate a fourth Okinawan influence is that of Kanbun Uechi .
The first three forms are observed at ordinary pressures.
The UK recognises six fire classes:Class A fires involve organic solids such as paper and wood.
This form and metre is often confused with the completely different Saz Semaisi, an instrumental form consisting of three to four sections, in 10/8 metre, or usul aksak semai .
Feline infectious peritonitis caused two deaths.
It may be one piece or separate pieces, one for each string .
Meanwhile, ERPI sought to corner the market by signing up the five allied studios.
The oldest surviving complete architectural text is Vitruvius' ten books collectively titled De architectura, which discuss some carpentry.
There are three major competitions in Racer windsurfing
The sheet is folded three times into eight leaves up to 9 ¾" tall.
Public broadcasting group Radio France run five national radio stations.
By taking a bearing on two VOR beacons an aircraft can determine its position to an accuracy of about 90 metres .
This results in one normal male and one female with Turner syndrome .
The clutch has three jobs: When the engine runs idle the chain does not move.
The standard trumpet range extends from the written F♯ immediately below Middle C up to about three octaves higher .
Each soldier from the Hastati and Principes lines carried two javelins.
First six, then eight shower stalls were installed.
The distinguished art historian Erwin Panofsky allowed three levels to iconography.
Molars of the underjaw not standing in one line.
The array consists of 5 spaced cardioid microphones, 3 front microphones resembling a Decca Tree and two surround microphones.
Selection SundaySeptuagesima, Sexagesima and Quinquagesima Sunday are the last three Sundays before Lent.
The latter two consist of multiple chemical substances
Only three nations presently operate CATOBAR carriers of any size, while Russia, China and India operate sizeable STOBAR carriers .
Other tracks offer Quarter Horse racing and Standardbred racing, on combinations of these three types of racing surfaces.
The design with three colors has a long tradition in Bohemia.
Partner Qantas agreed to the initiative and undertook to purchase six of the new Short S23 C class, or Empire, flying boats.
The word refers to various similarly defined ideas, such as:Full day24 hours A day counting approximation, for example "See you in three days."
Ice from a theorized superionic water may possess two crystalline structures.
The main panel depicts a large tree and underneath it a lion attacking a deer and two deers peacefully grazing .
The inventory identifies three levels of world cities and several sub-ranks .
There are two common systems of general ranks used worldwide.
Dirk Jan ten Geuzendam opines that DeLucia's collection "is arguably the finest chess collection in the world".
About 64 families are monotypic, containing only one species.
Aristotle identified four kinds of answer or explanatory mode to various "Why?"
On board the ISS astronauts limit water use to only about three US gallons per day.
Many Dutch people subscribe every year to an event called fietsvierdaagse — four days of organised cycling through the local environment.
The tale of the three ox drivers from Adab completes the three known oldest jokes in the world.
Out of the 286 verses of the surah, seven mention cows .
This requires measurement of an array of snowpack and environmental factors to compute six heat flow mechanisms that contribute to Qm.
Cubs start following their mothers at six weeks.
Herbert suggests that the source often leads, but journalists commonly object to this notion for two reasons:It signals source supremacy in news making.
Conversely, a single-loaded corridor only has rooms on one side .
It is then speared onto sticks four to six plants a stick and hung in a curing barn.
They used elaborate practices for personal hygiene with three daily baths and washing.
With perhaps only four proven records of tigers killing wolves, these cases are rare
The six sections she proposed for 28 species still left many intermediates that could not easily be assigned.
Michelle Gould , Cheryl Gudinas , and Jackie Paraiso have each won two US Open titles.
Star Trek Chess uses an ingenious board with movable parts divided into seven levels.
Metric dowel pins are often found in two size.
The two primary methods for stacking sandbags to build flood control structures are the Single Stack placement, and
Every barrio has at least one fresh produce market.
Sedia gestatoria, a mobile throne carried by twelve footmen in red uniforms, accompanied by two attendants bearing flabella , and sometimes a large canopy, carried by eight attendants.
In the sensemaking–coevolution–implementation framework, designers alternate between its three titular activities.
Some motorways require toll , mostly six lanes wide, illuminated and with a 120 km/h speed limit.
A separate tipi as a shell around the first one may work better.
Collisions are of three types:perfectly elastic collisioninelastic collisionperfectly inelastic collision.
This enables strikers to play their ball near to another opponent ball and ricochet that too thus earning two more free shots.
Carew described how goals were made: "they pitch two bushes in the ground, some eight or ten foote asunder
Similarly, a quintuplinerve leaf has four secondary veins and a main vein.
Rifle platoons normally consist of a small platoon headquarters and three or four sections or squads .
These seven tattva are:Jīva – The soul which is characterized by consciousness.
Humans are once again mostly content to let one coal scoop handle various bulk materials of differing densities.
Pulsus bisferiens: is characterized by two beats per cardiac cycle, both systolic, unlike the dicrotic pulse.
Lewis faced Kenpo stylist Greg "Om" Baines, who had defeated two opponents in years pasts.
The seven remaining Yamakasi members continued to use the term l'art du déplacement .
The highest energy, partially filled orbitals are antibonding, and so their filling weakens the bond order from three to two.
In the US MUTCD, there are nine warrants for traffic signals:Eight-hour vehicular volume.
Patch-burn sets up a rotation of fresh grass after burning with two years of rest.
КС/KS : At least ten years of aging for the youngest spirit in the blend .
Mean high water springs – The average of the two high tides on the days of spring tides.
Under Army 2020, a platoon in the Heavy Protected Mobility Regiments will consist of around 30 soldiers in four Mastiff/FRES UV vehicles.
This work contains extensive teachings on ten Yamas and ten Niyamas , and eight asanas.
A reasonably skilful fire-builder using reasonably good material only needs one match.
The best players may take a ball round a full circuit in one turn. "
The first three batsmen are known as the top order
A considered good size double wardrobe would thus be able to hold within its capacity, eight small men.
Typical music bateria formation in a roda of Capoeira Angola is three berimbaus, two pandeiros, one atabaque, one agogô and one ganzuá.
The first wak of each bat has five syllables.
Is it not just as impossible to appropriate it thus without more ado however wide awake one might be?
The biceps works across three joints.
The expressions of how to be living human as Christ did, taking Christ as our forbearance with Christian living, Paul had suggested these living virtues as three pairs
The coffin is built specifically designed by three to four relatives, mainly men.
The charges result from four sources.
Antwerp Cathedral even has seven aisles .
Note that the two names together constitute the species name.
KdW in Berlin applied in his illustrated main catalog: 1913 among other things a backfisch-confection, with eight blouses between 2.75 and 9.50 Marks.
Déda houses a 124 capacity studio theatre, three dance studios, meeting room facilities and the CUBE café bar.
The most push ups in one hour is 3,877 and was achieved by Bijender Singh on 20 September 1988.
The Gold Medal referred to one the company earned with their An-du-Septic dustless chalk during the March 1904 St. Louis World's Fair.
Between the 12 windows of the drum were apostles and the four evangelists on the pendentives.
The NEC is modified every three years.
That the three stars of Orion's belt was called the Distaff of Frigg seems undoubtable -.
Split lath was nailed with square cut lath nails, one into each framing member.
By nine months, it weighs over 1 kg and develops its adult fur colour.
Based on these types, Cupach and Metts classify two basic embarrassment situations: the actor responsible and the observer responsible.
However, most classical music systems acknowledge seven different major voice categories.
Test flights revealed power to be insufficient and the engine layout unworkable, and Caproni soon adopted a more conventional approach installing three 81 kW Fiat A.10s.
Mean low water springs – The average of the two low tides on the days of spring tides.
Some paddle makers offer blades in three sizes.
A relatively wet concrete sample may slump as much as eight inches.
Other poker-like games played at casinos against the house include three card poker and pai gow poker.
There are two major mechanical pulps: thermomechanical pulp and groundwood pulp .
Of three manufacturers in North America, Moen and American Standard use cartridges , while Delta uses rubber seats facing the cartridges.
Narmour 1977 describes three categories of prosodic rules that create rhythmic successions that are additive , cumulative , or countercumulative .
At the other extreme and even rarer, the Scottish chief Dundas of that Ilk had three supporters: two conventional red lions and the whole supported by a salamander.
Soil structural classes:Types: Shape and arrangement of pedsPlaty: Peds are flattened one atop the other 1–10 mm thick.
They comprise one category of substance existing independently and nine categories of accidents, which can only exist in something else .
The Polish Renaissance architecture has three periods of development.
Two of the three sampled species within Cricetulus represent the earliest split.
Many adult insects use six legs for walking and have adopted a tripedal gait.
Some better-quality plywood products will by design have five plies in steps of 45 degrees , giving strength in multiple axes.
Other forks may exhibit up to ten tines.
See ten unvirtuous actions in Buddhism.
The two clubs had 15 playoff meetings.
This may include two external wounds and a contiguous wound between the two.
It is theoretically possible to achieve a play covering three TWS squares , although this is extremely improbable without constructive setup and collaboration.
Some companies use two drivers per truck to ensure uninterrupted transportation
A few games from this period like Triomphe, has the ace between the ten and the jack.
Giuseppe Peano also created the large symbols for general intersection and union of more than two classes in 1908, at his book Formulario mathematico .
Hauptman switched her racket line to a two string diamond pattern .
The first models had one tab stop and one tab key
In graphite the bonds are sp2 orbital hybrids and the atoms form in planes with each bound to three nearest neighbors 120 degrees apart.
Some microphone techniques used for coverage of three front channels, include double-stereo techniques, INA-3 , the Decca Tree setup and the OCT .
Under the main blade there is a kind of comb with six teeth or prongs pointing forward standing for the six districts or "sestieri" of Venice.
Ehōmaki is a roll composed of seven ingredients considered to be lucky.
Academic work on organizational dress by Rafaeli & Pratt referred to uniformity of dress as one dimension, and conspicuousness as a second.
Each hind foot has four toes .
Following the same trends towards personalized experiences, WishYoo created three years later the possibility of adding digital handwritten messages from several students into any yearbook.
Other broadcasters must average no more than nine minutes .
Ant nests alone support symbiotes spanning six classes of arthropods which includes 35 families just from the beetles.
For example: when all the holes bar the very top one are open , the note A4 is produced.
For ships, ice presents two distinct hazards.
Currently eight South African apartheid-era soldiers, organised by Neves Matias with and five local men are in Black Beach prison on the island.
Rolls are right hand accompanimental fingering pattern that consist of eight notes that subdivide each measure.
She started 5/2 favourite but after Fallon struggled to obtain a clear run in the closing stages she finished fifth of the ten runners behind the 33/1 outsider Snittenby.
Sextuple peel : To peel the partner ball through its last six hoops in the course of a single turn.
Brandy de Jerez Solera Reserva: three years old.
Adding cymbals beyond the basic ride, hi-hats and one crash configuration requires more stands in addition to the standard drum hardware packs.
The tone arms were rudimentary and remained so even after lighter crystal pickups appeared about ten years later.
The two should have distinct themes.
Buchner describes the two traditions in detail.
A tactical shortcoming was recognised after completing six additional conversions of C-class cruisers.
Schizocarp fruits form from a syncarpous ovary and do not really dehisce, but rather split into segments with one or more seeds
Steel BracketSteel brackets shall be provided for supporting the standard of scaffold at about six floor intervals.
These flippers contain four digits.
Both involve three basic activities.
The first three such cases discussed here entail mimicry of animals protected by warning coloration:Batesian mimicry, where a harmless mimic poses as harmful.
Three canvas or rubber bases 15 inches square and 3–5 inches in thickness made of soft material mark the three bases.
FDNY's five "rescue" companies primarily mitigate technical and heavy rescue incidents, and operate as a pure special rescue unit.
The Office of the Financier thereupon restricted all legal documents to three hands, namely the Coulee, the Rhonde, and a Speed Hand sometimes simply called the Bastarda.
Conventional "full complement" chain has one tooth for every two drive links. "
In Crangon crangon, the first two pairs of pereiopods have claws or chela.
BOTY was featured in the independent documentary Planet B-Boy that filmed five dance crews training for the 2005 championship.
Their canting coat-of-arms is Argent three cocks gules, and their motto is ACCENDIT CANTU .
A batter against whom three strikes are recorded strikes out.
They were set so that one European Currency Unit would equal one euro.
In weed ecology some authorities speak of the relationship between "the three Ps": plant, place, perception.
Moroccans also give one kiss on each cheek together with the handshake.
Can reach 171 meters when all three pumps are operating, but normally runs at 91 meters .
Its common court in the Philippines has six squares.
Each vector equation represents three scalar equations.
Meanwhile, the period saw another subset of three new retro-modern stadiums that pushed away from classic parks even more.
Royal Netherlands Navy Operates four De Zeven Provincien-class frigates.
A special euro currency sign was designed after a public survey had narrowed the original ten proposals down to two.
Sanskrit literature identifies ten types of leaders.
A typical four-man tent used four Zeltbahnen.
The koumbaros is an honored participant who crowns the couple and participates in circling the altar three times.
The latter three circuits also have adults competing in them.
The batter is out if: three strikes are called
A third former subgenus, Procapra, includes three living species of Asian gazelles.
The epaulettes rank badge of chief inspector is three silver pips.
The chemist August Kekulé was considering how benzene arranged its six carbon and hydrogen atoms.
Inclusion of such mechanisms within computational flow solvers still represents a pretty challenging task mainly in two aspects.
In St. Maclou at Rouen are three magnificently carved doors
At first, one views management functionally, such as measuring quantity, adjusting plans, meeting goals.
The flat bars are tuned to two pleasing notes.
The Japanese had three cruisers lightly damaged.
The four basic tabby patterns are due to two distinct gene loci and one modifier .
By nine months, mouth, trunk and foot coordination is perfected.
How the business of making golf balls saved four small American towns".
As the footstrike of the one hand occurs, initial swing continues.
Associate degree nursing programs have prerequisite and corequisite courses and ultimately stretch out the degree-acquiring process to about three years or greater.
Broadly, there were three primary literary movements during this period: the Edebiyat-ı Cedîde movement
Worked on children's program LazyTown for two seasons.
A relatively dry sample slumps very little, having a slump value of one or two inches out of one foot .
The three criteria stated above are universal for pull handles.
The radial pulse is commonly measured using three fingers.
All such units may typically be eight measures long.
These were intended to develop "the three main forces": energetic , moral and physical .
In tango canyengue the dancers share one axis, dance in a closed embrace, and with the legs relaxed and slightly bent.
Layers two or three inches deep are usually used, bark is relativity inert and its decay does not demand soil nitrates.
By 1897–1898 teams of five became standard.
Before the five required daily prayers, a Mu’adhdhin calls the worshippers to prayer from the minaret.
Flipper solenoids contain two coil windings in one package
Regional had three levels: calouro , formado and formado especializado .
In 1980, school buses were manufactured by six body manufacturers and three chassis manufacturers
Instead, the planetary hours systems resulted in succeeding days being named for planets that are three places apart in their traditional listing.
Fifteen different call-types have been recognized in adult Kataba mole rats and four in juveniles.
Brandy de Jerez Solera Gran Reserva: ten years old.
National Registry requires 70 + hours to maintain its certification or one may re-certify through completing the written computer based adaptive testing again every two years.
The pineapple comprises five botanical varieties, formerly regarded as separate species:Ananas comosus var.
A great hundred, also known as a small gross, is 120 or ten dozen.
They begin their first four years in primary school or Grundschule.
He and the ironworker Langhammer copied the instruments in Graslitz three miles away
A bi-radial sail has panels radiating from two of three corners
All of Her Majesty's Canadian ships have three messes aboard
The first commercial vinylite record was the set of five 12" discs "Prince Igor" .
Although very rare, drillings with three and even four shotgun barrels were made.
The album cover of Saturday Night Band's Come On and Dance, Dance features two dancers in the Starship Discovery One.
However most yacht racing is done under handicap the two international recognised systems are IRC, ORC Club and ORCi which are used for pinnacle events
Some materials cannot be classified within the classical three states of matter
At least two Jeep models enjoyed extraordinary three-decade production runs of a single body generation.
Valves with three ports serve many different functions.
Obsolescence cyclesSeparating motive power from payload-hauling cars enables replacement of one without affecting the other.
A boy generally possesses two testicles.
Games are played in four quarters of 10 or 12 minutes .
Pyramid – Funbox-type ramp made from four banks put in a square pyramid shape, usually surrounding a flat.
The Gwich’in people have over two dozen distinct caribou-related words.
For the other variations of shi poetry, generally either a four line or else an eight-line poem is normal
Divine pronouncement of three judgments are then laid against all culprits .
Triple difference results for three independent time pairs may be sufficient to solve for receiver 2's three position components.
As in the Carnegie Hall demonstrations six months earlier, Fantasound used a separate film containing four optical sound tracks.
The Noongar people of South-West Western Australia recognise maar-keyen bonar, or six seasons.
Example: An auction has five bath fragrance gift baskets where bidding is "lot", and the hammer price is US$5.
These instruments usually have four strings
For example, a pre paid card transaction usually involves four parties .
The women usually minded the four machines and kept the looms oiled and clean.
One unit is a half carpel, mostly there are four units, seeds.
Modern mass transit monorail systems use developments of the ALWEG beam and tire approach, with only two suspended types in large use.
The winner must pay $5 and must take all five baskets.
The extent on eight bells comprises 40,320 changes, and would be referred to today as a long-length peal.
The three types of foundation brake systems are “S” cam brakes, disc brakes and wedge brakes.
It took English inventor Charles Wheatstone to bring both chords and keyboard together in one squeezebox.
The bailiff stands against one wall and keeps order in the courtroom.
Appraisal theory proposes that determination has three cognitive appraisal components.
In heavy trucks tandem refers to two closely spaced axles.
On typical tower bells a peal takes around three hours to ring
Of the seventeen, only seven remain, Moffett Federal Field, , California
Tiers are commonly up to eight high
This last technology is a fully industrial one .
Axminster carpet has three main types of broadloom carpet construction in use today .
Arm consist typically of boom, stick and bucket with three joints between them and the house.
The next five elements of the series are SSENT .
Tartans are commercially woven in four standard colour variations that describe the overall tone. "
The synthesis started from tropinone, a related natural product and took five steps.
Upon completion, the stadium had a running track 24 ft wide and three laps to the mile
Fifty percent of 1964 housing had three bedrooms
From its earliest days, Indian sound cinema has been defined by the musical—Alam Ara featured seven songs
The three ossicles bones transmit this sound to a second window which protects the fluid-filled inner ear.
Anglican Religious Life defines four categories of community.
The screamers , some jacanas , the spur-winged goose , the torrent duck and nine species of lapwing use a sharp spur on the wing as a weapon.
Mature trees tolerate four hours at −6 °C .
Tofu dishes common in Japan include: three delicacies Japanese tofu
A spine ramp is basically two quarter pipes adjoined at the vertical edge.
This expanded basilica now demonstrated three additional features that became characteristic of early cathedrals
How the Other Half Lives notes one tenement district:Blind Man's Alley bear its name for a reason.
Students attend High School in year seven through twelve .
Clement Ader constructed his first of three flying machines in 1886, the Éole.
Ice cream sandwich: two soft biscuits, cookies or cake sandwiching a bar of ice cream.
Disilicates have two tetrahedra sharing one oxygen atom.
The other three are amateur pankration, belt wrestling alysh and beach wrestling.
An estimated four feet fell around the town.
On five bells , there are 120 permutations taking about four minutes to ring on tower bells.
Lobsters have eight walking legs
The three slategray colors are not themselves on the greyscale, but are slightly saturated toward cyan .
It teaches seven stages or bhumis of yogic practice.
This basic structure allows one to recognize a laugh despite individual variants.
Volvo tried to develop a passive three point seatbelt.
Each altitude level comprises two or three genus-types differentiated mainly by physical form.
The Tokyo Express convoy was two seaplane tenders and six destroyers
About seven percent are operational satellites , the rest are space debris.
With this improvement more complex and reliable CPUs were built onto one or several printed circuit boards containing discrete components.
There are two kinds - either simple tubular with short ducts or compound racemose resembling the duodenal Brunner's glands.
There are three motos with two classes competing per moto.
In Indonesian markets tofu is usually available in two forms: tahu putih or common white firm tofu
Tube computers like EDVAC tended to average eight hours between failures, whereas relay computers like the Harvard Mark I failed very rarely.
A parent can also be elaborated as an ancestor removed one generation.
Only the three aforementioned N1 rockets had functional Safety Assurance Systems.
The two types of zombie reflect soul dualism, a belief of Haitian voodoo.
It is typically a five course instrument having a scale length between 20 and 22 inches .
The WDA specifies the use of five balls
The two Bills: Reflecting on the gift of mentorship".
The culture known from Great Zimbabwe left more impressive buildings than sculpture but the eight soapstone Zimbabwe Birds appear to have had a special significance and were mounted on monoliths.
Lengths of lath two to six foot are not uncommon at Economy Village.
It featured two parallel lumens containing two steel coils which dissipated infiltrating noise as inaudible heat energy.
Pico was a spinout by five GI design engineers whose vision was to create single chip calculator ICs.
Many of his marchas span two or even four claves in duration, something very rarely done previously.
The five basic strokes are effleurage , petrissage , tapotement , friction and vibration/shaking.
The arms can be described based on side and sequence position and divided into four pairs.
Later Greek philosophers defined the classic five simple machines and were able to roughly calculate their mechanical advantage.
Of the six orders of Pulmonata, two – the Onchidiacea and Soleolifera – solely comprise slugs.
Intake air was divided into two flows.
High Five Netball has four six-minute quarters.
The most common form of Laylay in Iran resembles the older Western types and uses six or more side-by-side squares successively numbered.
The Double Mahoi plant can produce two bunches at once.
The midbrain contains the two optic lobes.
Some Dodge 500s were given Commer badges, whilst the 100 series "Commando" light truck developed by Rootes was initially marketed under all five marques.
The value of cards two through ten is their pip value .
Conversely, one bit of information corresponds to about ln 2 nats, or log10 2 hartleys.
Its members usually have softer wood and five needles per fascicle.
Many such drums have six to ten tension rods.
Tribe Lilieae includes seven other genera in addition to Tulipa.
In 1942, two employees of Pitney Bowes Postage Meter Company developed an improved single turn spring clutch.
A traditional fire department funeral consists of two raised aerial ladders.
The other eight crews qualify for the final through regional tournaments.
Glassblowing involves three furnaces.
The simplest designs consist of one main pocket.
The loom warped by passing the sized warp threads through two or more heddles attached to harnesses.
In ice hockey:A major penalty lasts five minutes.
It commonly has four courses of doubled metal strings tuned in unison , although five and six course versions also exist.
All three principal types of resonator guitars were invented by the Slovak-American John Dopyera for the National and Dobro companies.
ModelsAlpina manufactures one basic dual-track snowmobile design.
Yet the object depicted quite simply is the picture surface under one reading, the surface indifferent to picture, another.
Strings in parenthesis are dropped for a five or four course instrument.
DPDT – Double-Pole Double-Throw relays have two sets of Form C contacts.
Their circuitry used three Philco germanium PNP alloy-fused junction audio frequency transistors.
The flattened side has five longitudinal ribs.
Triple agent: works for three intelligence services.
After the maxilliped come five more pairs of appendages, the pereiopods.
This method is well known for eight port de bras that are utilized.
In four articles beginning October 9, two mention the donut spelling.
Lung ventilation during walking and running in four species of lizards".
Aluminium can relatively easily surrender its three outermost electrons in many chemical reactions .
The two women later became goddesses Xiangshuishen after drowning themselves in the Xiang River.
Ten exercises are mandatory: four consecutive high leg kicks, patterns.
This makes the degree of the cousin relationship two , and the is removal one.
Kittens are commonly wormed against roundworms from about four weeks.
Groups of more than two units have corresponding names .
Aboriginal seasons of KakaduIndigenous seasons Mt Stirling SeasonsThe Lost SeasonsMelbourne's six seasonsTutorial on Earth/Sun Relations and SeasonsSunpreview Season Forecast ProjectSatellite photo demonstrating seasons changes in 2004 on NASA website
The University of York has its own television station York Student Television and two campus newspapers Nouse and York Vision.
Some examples of human absolute thresholds for the six external senses.
The three dispersed phases in espresso are what make this beverage unique.
Only one answer seems possible – significant form.
Montmorillonite clay is made of four planes of oxygen with two silicon and one central aluminium plane intervening.
Track two brings up memories and emotional involvement shared with the decedent.
The property of having three sides actually determines A's state as a triangle.
The five minute hypothesis suggests that the world was created recently together with records and traces indicating a greater age.
Defined by ten indicators, a mineral with a higher index scratches those below it.
A game consists of nine innings .
Examples are the knight's tour and the eight queens puzzle.
The Sun has eight known planets.
Handling two directions with only four lights, flashing red hand and countdown.
The most common domino sets commercially available are double six and double nine .
The military map unit symbol for this echelon of formation consists of six Xs.
Distillation does all three functions.
The three types of muscle have significant differences.
There are the seven Amesha Spenta, that are represented as the haft-sin .
The cheapest was skaren whereas Atlantic bluefin tuna was three times as expensive.
The fish later vomits Jonah out on shore after three days.
Examples:M8+ or 8+ men's eight
Usually just one young is born
In basse-lisse looms, however, the warp extends horizontally between the two rolls.
A short pedalium or stalk hangs from each of the four lower corners.
With a threads and cloth metaphors, three causes are:Co-inherence cause: resulting from substantial contact, 'substantial causes', threads are substantial to cloth, corresponding to Aristotle's material cause.
Laid similar to normal track, a point typically consists of a frog , check rails and two switch rails.
Delta 9 Adventures hosts three paintball fields at their Vadodara arena.
The FEI also recognizes horseball and tent pegging as its two regional disciplines.
Selections are identified ten or more generations before release as a variety or cultivar.
Sponges have three asexual methods of reproduction: after fragmentation
A team used for a heavy load over difficult ground might exceed nine or ten pairs.
The three sources of demand compete for loans.
S.S. Stewart introduced the banjeaurine, tuned one fourth above a standard five-string.
In a 3-plinerved leaf three main veins branch above the base of the lamina and run essentially parallel subsequently, as in Ceanothus and in Celtis.
There are six living species of swan
Irotomesode with five kamon are of the same formality as any kurotomesode.
The album produced three singles
Japan, also prioritising aircraft carriers, nevertheless began work on three mammoth Yamatos and a planned fourth was cancelled.
This style is attributed to three crews, Bag of Trix , Supernaturalz and Boogie Brats .
An infantry Gruppe consisted of ten men
Wine barrels typically come in two hoop configurations.
The 1977 version of International Standard ISO 3833— Road vehicles - Types - Terms and definitions— defines a coupé as having two doors .
The four floating ribs may be permanently compressed or moved by such garments.
In 2019, seven teams per conference qualify
The minimum specified aging period is six months in wood, although not necessarily oak .
In Mayan religion, Xibalba is the dangerous underworld of nine levels.
Full skip" chain has one tooth for every three drive links.
This step pyramid consisted of six stacked mastabas.
Gould writes , the Japanese dragon is "invariably figured as possessing three claws".
The Breton tartans are: Brittany National , Brittany Walking, Lead it Of, and a further nine county tartans .
Farvardin Ordibehesht Khordad Tir Mordad Shahrivar Mehr Aban Azar Dey Bahman Esfand The Bangla calendar, used in Bangladesh, follows solar months and it has six seasons.
Le Trec, which comprises three phases – trail riding, with jumping and correct basic flatwork.
Eastern Christian priests mostly retain the traditional dress of two layers of differently cut cassock: the rasson or podriasnik beneath the outer exorasson or riasa .
A titration curve for a diprotic acid contains two midpoints where pH=pKa.
There are six pollen bearing stamens surrounding a central style.
The vomiting act has two phases.
Reasons for closing the beach include:dangerous riphurricane warningno lifeguards in attendanceoverpolluted watersharkstsunamiwaves too strongA surf flag exists, divided into four quadrants.
PPE places gloves into three categories:Minimal risk – End user can easily identify risk.
In addition, ten pharmacies exist in Tubas.
There are five luge disciplines.
Queen Victoria bought three carriages from Hitchings Baby Store.
A typical wave contest will score two jumps going out and two wave rides coming in.
Each of the four doors are 139 meters high.
Previous systems using phase shift keying encoded two bits per symbol by slightly delaying or advancing the signal's phase relative to a set carrier tone.
The four Major golf tournaments have tents set up.
Hanging ten and hanging five are moves usually specific to long boarding.
Pollination mechanism fall into three groups corresponding to floral morphology .
WKF karate competition has two disciplines: sparring and forms .
The opposing limbs meet with one in midstance and midswing, beginning the propulsion and terminal swing phases.
By 1862, Ferrabee's company was making eight models in various roller sizes.
Martial has one patron hire a herd of fake clients in togas, then pawn his ring to pay for his evening meal.
The thin cedar wrapping from cigars with one may be used.
Several pages have taken to distinguish the three in comprehensive guides.
The system was complete in 1814 with five annual races.
Old school" boards are generally wider and often have only one kicktail.
Iterating from three time pairs and a fairly good initial value produces one observed triple difference result for receiver 2's position.
One complete arm turn is considered one cycle.
Two canoes bound together developed directly from minimal raft technologies of two logs tied together.
The album produced five singles
Stratocumuliform genus-types that appear in mostly stable air have two species each.
The ovary is inferior consisting of three chambers .
This has led some to derive the yard of three English feet from pacing
The ell as a measure was taken as six handbreadths
There are five hurdle heights on most standard hurdles.
The X-bar schema acknowledged at least three projection levels for every lexical head: a minimal projection ,
One challenge to ringers is to ring 'the extent', which on eight bells is 40320 changes.
A helicopter has four flight control inputs.
There are six ideal endmembers of garnet, split into two group.
With suitable adjustment of dyebath conditions the two components react to produce the required insoluble azo dye.
Processing speed improves sharply between age five and middle adolescence
Each couple has one front and rear side .
A common feature was to base future size on the eight small men method.
Nero banned gladiator munera at Pompeii for ten years as punishment.
In most organisations, two taps raise and one tap seats the assembly
The three beats and suspension are considered one stride.
Cued recall – one is given significant hints about the information.
This introduces error but allows combination of primary and referred secondary resistances and reactances by simple summation as two series impedances.
World lead resources exceed two billion tons.
The number of Korotkoff sounds when measuring blood pressureThe drink Five Alive is named for its five ingredients.
Colvig also gave Goofy a normal voice for four George Geef.
In German, the phrase heute in acht Tagen means one week from today .
In Living with Art, Mark Getlein proposes six activities, services or functions of contemporary artists:Create places for some human purpose.
The album produced six singles
The Federal German Armed Forces differentiates between three different mess areas.
All three types offer stability.
These six KRs of the joke structure include:Script Opposition references the script opposition included in Raskin's SSTH.
New Georgian blended whisky is presented with three varieties, such are:Aged in Georgian ex-wine „Saperavi“ oak cask
The Canadian Food and Drug Regulation recognises gin with three different definitions that loosely approximate the US definitions.
Ephrem Fernandez has identified six dimensions of anger expression.
Maple samaras have two wings.
Atypical positions include:standing on one leghandstandhead standspreadeaglecrab positionHumans can hang in various positions.
These two embedded clauses are arguments.
Whangarei Steam and Model Railway Club also run two former Lisbon trams formally from Aspen, Colorado.
Hip – Essentially two quarter pipes or banks forming an angle.
The seven coffins shown in Paris were done by Seth Kane Kwei and by his former assistant Paa Joe .
The successful 1958 Dracula starring Lee was followed by seven sequels.
Only one destroyer survived.
She mounted her guns in five turrets
The one button suit has regained some popularity .
Most medium aspect ratio parachutes have seven cells.
There are six Regional Specialized Meteorological Centres worldwide.
In the Collembola the abdomen has only six segments.
As the arms are pulling down, one downward dolphin kick is allowed , though still optional
It touches the incircle and the three excircles.
In recordholders the record is 12 by the same personMost push ups in one minute:using back of hands: 132 by Abdul Latif Mahmoud Saadiq in November 2009.
Seif dunes are linear dunes with two slip faces.
The front eight segments have spiracles and the terminal segment is modified for reproduction.
The whole human GI tract is about nine metres long at autopsy.
Complete mitochondrial genome sequences of two extinct moas clarify ratite evolution.
Analog video has one continuous domain dimension and two discrete dimensions .
Capreolinae featured three lineages, Alceini , Capreolini and Rangiferini .
The Sea Post Office on G Deck was manned by five postal clerks
For irregular shaped workpieces it is usual to use a four jaw chuck.
Therefore, many breaks stop voluntarily with three hoops and the peg still to run.
Most bases and stations have three messes .
There are three different coat types of Rough Collies: Brandwyn , Parader and the working type .
In particular, superstring theory requires six compact dimensions forming a Calabi–Yau manifold.
UWW currently recognizes six wrestling disciplines in all.
He played the pattern on three congas on the Paulito song "Llamada anónima."
The four general types are:Chantenay carrots.
Another conception of rights groups them into three generations.
Pentameter is verse with five repeating feet per line
Paul Lynch performed 124 consecutive one finger push-ups on 21 April 1992.
Small decorated aprons were one example of “suggestive fashion."
USS Gurnard conducted three Polar Exercises: 1976
Some 15 species and possibly one recently extinct.
This six archdemons give existence to uncountable malevolent daeva
The slashed noteheads indicate the main beats , where one ordinarily taps their foot to "keep time."
Valve trombones use three valves instead of the slide.
There are five Exceptional Lie groups.
An alternate phrase is also one measure in length.
Tubas contains six mosques.
Good deeds help one merge into Divination."
LC: SSC - FTS bat one and two heater controls heaters off.
The most currently installed is eight
Air mass classification involves three letters.
Ranks proceed from one to five bugles.
The Convention works closely with five International Organisation Partners.
The three extant renaissance racketts are housed in two European collections
These courses are three years' long.
It generally employs four nylon strings.
Taoism believes in ten souls, sanhunqipo "three hun and seven po".
Any five consecutive months contain 153 days.
A poker hand comprises five cards
It has four bat per stanza .
Penguins generally only lay one brood
BendA knot uniting two lines .
The Prince More series used two pieces and no grommet strip.
There are five senses and mind as the sixth institution
Other calendars have one larger units of time.
These form the ten decapod legs.
Sherman defeated Bradley Robbins 803–285, playing a record-tying seven bingos and sticking Robbins with the Q.High game – 793 by Peter Preston , 1999.
Every acute triangle has three inscribed squares .
The fingers on one banana plant grow fused
Barrett and Harder describe three separate floral patterns
Jain philosophy postulates that seven tattva constitute reality.
On each lobe, three triggers hairs await stimulation.
There were four kinds of allegiances 3 Sm & G 230
For seven bells the extent is 7!
Halliday , grouped treatment techniques into four classes.
Tiger versus lionList of largest catsMapogo lion coalition an extraordinary coalition of six lions.
Guaguancó uses three congas.
They bound the two major neck triangles
The pinakes contained 120 scrolls arranged into ten subject classes
The three major floral parts are
Having three drums invites experimentation and individual customization.
It spans one clave .